!,anyway when i left him i swore i,d never get married again!!
!he must be a control freak
'...does this mean he likes me?.
( even if he  is rich, dont sell ur self.
(It would be easier to do if I were mad, though!!
(and now even in devorce im stuck with it !
(i mess up alot at times ) but she don't forget.
(saying sorry to him without commiting a mistake is humilation to ur self...AND DON'T EVER GET WEAK!!)
(that's what i called it).. but , why?
(this is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there).
)take on how the world works, and their desire to catch up
)women are curious about sex with other women, even me!
-a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum.
..... You tell her why you like her!
...a guy asks me, 'do you mind if we cuddle?
10 years gap is just nice.
20 YEARS DOWN THE ROAD THAT IS ALL YOU CAN BE SO START FROM THE BEGINNING
20 to 32...she doesn't have to be younger than you.
:) Although, flowers are really nice even if they don't last.
:) I haven't tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve....
;)  There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
;) nah the only time u see a man emotional is when he is with his lady luv!
>>Other than those two things, just ask him once in a while.
A couple of ways: -  Get him drunk.
A life of your OWN....a life you've been missing out on.
A picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated....thats special
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST--- does he always just happen to be staring...?
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she isn't really interested?
After i while i t passes and i still love him
All in all I don't think it really matters.
Also men get bored and tire way before woman do.
Also sometimes guys think they dont need you so bad until your gone.
Always trail ride with a friend.
And I hate him for it.
And I hear ya Fountain...same thing happened to me.
And I hope to God it doesn't ever pass!
And Im sure as heck not driving 5 hrs just to hang out unless I really really like her.
And any guy who sas he woul is prolly not being entirely honest with himself.
And don't fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the guy above is giving.
And don't start with her looks, mister!
And hes seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years!
And if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - DONT.
And if you have, what was it like?
And remember there is more then 1!
And so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
And that will be just s*x!
And the gf should accept that about if she loves you.
And whatever you do, don't try to have both of them at once.
And women also expect guys to act like that, so why should they grow up?
And you don't have to be an overly happy hyper-active person.
Anything that is not nailed down!
Anyway my question is.... Will I always feel that way?
As a guy - let me say this.
As everyone said... dont get married so early.
Ask her out after class again.
Ask her questions (don't just talk).
Ask if they wanna go somewhere with you.
Ask ur self that, if you know what I mean.
Ask your best friend if it'd be okay.
At least thats what it seems like to me.
B) Looks definitely matter, anyone saying they don't is probably lying.
BE CONFIDENT,ALWAYS BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.DO NOT BE ARROGANT THOUGH.ALWAYS MAKE GOOD EYE CONTACT.LISTEN TO WHAT SHE HAS TO SAY.
BUT --  There's no better person to marry someday than your best friend!
BUT IT IS OKAY TO KISS ON THE FIRST DATE.
Basically if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob / or slut then yes it is unattractive...
Bcozz we always find a life partner therfor we attract with opposite side
Be really nice and give eye contact and smile a lot.. hope this helps!
Be strong, and hang in there.
Be you show a little toghness thats what girls like atleast most of them but mostly be yourself
Beacuse they feel insecure with less educated guys..........
Because believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
Because he wouldn't work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a big mama's boy, etc.
Because if it fails you be up $h*T!
Because some couples NEVER get to that comfortable boring stage.
Because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly.
Because the white women are taking up all the men!!
Because womens don`t put out often...
Best of Luck  to you both :)
Brokeback Mountain ,ok it's a guy but at least you'll be happy!
But (there's always a but isn't there?
But I need to be happy.
But ask a girl about the sympthoms because i'm a boy.
But don't just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
But he chaeted, so i guess I can lift or carry my husband.
But he is getting married this month.
But he might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming & teasing.
But he swears that we're just friends.
But if she doesn't have a reason then she isn't ur friend!
But it doesn't mean you cannot love another.
But some guys would do that...   WHY?
But stick with wats inside of u.
But those guys are jerks and you don't want them anwyay.
But try the nice way first..girls hate being ignored!
But you do what you want.
But you know what, I feel the guy should make the first move.
But you need to do this a few times.
But, I know exactly what I want in a relationship.
CONFRONT HIM AND ASK HIM THAT WAY YOU WILL KNOW
CUT YOUR COUSIN AN YOUR EX BOYFRIEND OFF COMPLETE.
Celebrate Valentine with joy and fun...give eachother gifts and hav a fun...
Chances r, if u like her as a friend, ull like her as more.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie matinee
Confusing... yeah, i think your right.
Could it be because some men are liars and fat mouths??
DON'T LET HER RULE YOUR LIFE, SHE WILL JUST HAVE TO LEARN TO DEAL WITH IT.
DON'T RUSH IT FEEL ALL YOUR EMOTIONS COME ALIVE.
DONT FORGET TO CHOOSE AND VOTE FOR BEST ANSWER!!!
DONT LISTEN TO THESE FOOLS WITH AL THEIR B.S.
DROP HIS BUTTT, THERE ARE PLENTY OF FISH IN THE SEA OF AMORE:0)
Dang it, if only every man knew What Women Want the world would be a much happier place!!!
Death is like a big black bag full of of crack or smack or meth.
Death is like a box full of candy corn
Depends on the guy some guys do some don't
Depends on the woman, it's better shaved=-)
Depends, some days I want to have sex, somedays I don't.
Did  turn gay or is it a curiosity thing?
Did you ever think of that?
Do U love her in depth?
Do not try to have sex.
Do you know he loves you?
Do you like to argue and fight???
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time.
Don't be afraid to say no.
Don't come here, it smells like a trap to me.
Don't do that, it won't work.
Don't do this over the phone, email, etc.
Don't eat where you take a s***.
Don't go anywhere you went with him or her.
Don't just stay with him for the baby.
Don't know, but daniel K has never read manga.
Don't listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
Don't look back and enjoy the friends you have.
Don't persue it, he is getting married.
Don't think you should try it!
Don't use pick up lines , that's a turn off .
Don't worry what people will say.
Don't worry, I aint working with much either.
Dont tell them but let them find out once your in bed with her.
Dont try to figure it out thats jus the way it is.
Dont worry about him n just sonsentrate in school so you can lern n then woory bout yer b/f
Dont you know the number one rule, Trust No One.
Downtown Houston just about any weekend... Lots of clubs...
Dude, what your sayin is she doesn't want to be more than bf and gf?
Dude, you have to suck it up and introduce yourself.
Either way, best of luck but I'm just glad that I have brown hair!!
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
Especially if you don't feel like it.
Even the day after would be okay.
Everybody likes to be told that they're hot, even if they don't admit it!
Everywhere.... Just ask any girl passing by.... but ONLY IN THAILAND....  not in US .... lol
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages...  Just keep in touch!
FINALLY A CULTURE THAT HAS IT RIGHT.
FIRST YOU ORDER ONE ONLINE AND THE STORK BRINGS ONE TO YOU
First of all, why did u guys break up?
First off, I have 4 kids....so a homemaker is more work than my job even.
For one thing if it doesn't work out there goes your job.
For the guys: (A) Do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
Fun includes eating meals (not breakfast if yo know what I mean).
GIRLS DON'T THINK IT'S COOL, THEY THINK IT'S GUYS WHO SMOKE ARE PATHETIC COS THEY ARE KILLING THEMSELVES
GO TO HAWAII...HA HA HA OR ....PAY SOMEONE...LOL
GOOD LUCK AND I HOPE EVERYTHING GOES WELL!
Generally kind and my fifth: I'll just be dissapointed if she's stupid.
Get a life and don't waste mine.
Get a massage..and get away from it all..hehe..
Getting married and getting child can wait but studies can't.
Girl only you can decide on this...
Girls don't like guys who is all about themselves.
Give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike!!
Giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil.
Giving you stupid excuses of the wall!Acting the way he didn't before!
Go for it and take the chance!!!
Go out & do EVERYTHING you couldn't when you were with him/her!
Go to school you can still come home or call your family and friends.
Going to a club and dancing.
Good luck and keep it cool!
Good luck but DO YOUR HOMEWORK!
Good luck in your search for the one!
Gotta let the person you are with know what u want.
Guys come & go, but friends are forever!
HANG IN THERE FOR ONE THAT APPRECAITES YOU.
HELL YA I WOULD LOVE TO MEET THE LADYS!!
HOWEVER----i find him looking at me every now and then.
Haha thats why I am single!
Haha...  Too bad it's not automatic like MSN or AOL.
Has he just dumped a girl and left before?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate.
Have fun, and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what's going to happen next!
Have you ever had a PAP smear.
Having FUN with guy friends is OK.  1.
He everything I ever wanted with the looks, money, stuff.
He loves you, too, girl...Time will tell.
He's a player...no good trust me...
Hell, it happened to me twice.
Help me win this debate with her !
Here's my answer: A) MOST guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone.
Hey, I'm in NYC I'll help you out if your around!
Hey, do not get me wrong.
Hey, its like, everyone's gotta seperate some day or the other.
Hi, my name is xxxxxx  Been working for me for years.
Honey my husband likes me for me.
How about...Would you like to go out with me sometime?
How drunk is this girl getting?
How to make a woman happy  To make a woman happy....?
However that does not mean that big girls can't be cute.
However, i always believed in the fact there's a huge different between HAVING SEX and MAKING LOVE.
I ALWAYS FELT THE SAME WAY, BUT I MET MY TRUE LOVE AND MY VIEWS CHANGED!
I JUST GOT A  DIVORCE AND SO DO DID HE.
I LIKE THICK BECAUSE I FEEL CHEATED WITH A THIN ONE!
I LOVE TO EXPRESS MY FEELINGS TO  THE LADIES WITH POEMS,  HAS ANYBODY WRITTEN ONE FOR A SPECIAL SOMEONE.
I actually ponder this one now and again.
I also hate seeing my dad unhappy.
I always say that you shouldn't do things if your gonna regret them later.
I am a guy and let me tell you, we love to chase!
I am man and I too feel so.... because I too am !!!
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect!
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes but he didn't act like it.
I can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night's trash........LOL
I can't see my life without my husband.
I cant give you a wife view but hopefully mine is just as good.
I dated a guy this past year and he got to the a violent point.
I dated one and I know.
I did this before (accidentally) and my friend was mad that I deleted him!
I do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is that even possible.
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him.
I do....much prettier and smooth as silk!
I don't know about love,but he likes you for sure
I don't know can I do anything about it?
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what you said because I was to lazy to read your typing.
I don't know!...I just want the points...lol
I don't know....how would you like something crammed up your butt!!
I don't mean, do you think women are sexy and beautiful.
I don't need a trophy girl I want a companion.
I don't think it's good idea, u are not there for this purpose!
I don't understand why people think it's wrong.
I don't want to be mean.
I dont ever remember giving a girl a Cristmas gift unless I liked her.
I dont know.But i know of another website that i go to..
I dont think I mind either way.
I dont think it is wise to date at work.
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams.
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometime -- most people do, right?
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
I find if I try real hard I can see things I know aren't there normally there.
I guess it's kind of nice, it's like your dad's blessing all the way.
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating?
I have a close girl friend.
I have long black hair and i love it,hubby loves it too.
I have no idea where to begin!!!
I have sexed many girls and some where whores.
I have yahoo email and that works for me.
I hope I see some of it soon.
I hope you find a NICE girl.
I just got out of a 3 yr relationship with my baby's father.
I know 3 guys that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
I know I have someone to come home to.
I know because I am just like your wife.
I know i'm overtly picky about people HOW CAN I STOP IT!
I know... Why should I hide it?
I like any guy that is funny.
I like him and he says stuff like, if i weren't dating _ i would go out with you?
I like intelligent,fun and hot girls.
I like natural / real girls, I don't like fake looking prissy drama queens.
I love curly hair I like to run my fingers thru it
I married my guy anyways and do you know why (besides love).
I mean the both of you together.
I mean the worst -the absolute worst - is that she says no.TAKE A CHANCE & GOOD LUCK!
I must not be ugly enough then
I myself think that they do.
I never knew life could be so good!!!!
I never wanted to have sex again.
I never went out with him a second time.
I prefer A & B cups, myself.
I really care about you and I can't stop thinking about you.
I really like this guy, and I don't know if it's just a crush, or if I love him......
I still love him what to do
I think a lot of girls like getting flowers.
I think it's totally hot when a guy shaves his legs.
I think you are probaly a nice guy and she probaly loves you alot.
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it.
I told him it was too late...other than that, I wouldn't have minded getting flowers sometimes.
I totally agree with Udaman...good luck girl
I want my wife to GROW too.
I was NOT gonna let her win.
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks.
I will make u princess in planet Kripton !!
I will not stay with someone I don't trust.
I would be, but I'm just married !
I would not know... i have the same issue.
I would wonder why he shaved them but, in the end, they're his legs!
I wouldn't bother calling him back.
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
I'VE BEEN WITH MY HUSBAND FOR 4 YEARS WE RECENTLY GOT MARRIED IN DECEMBER OF 2005.
I'd perfer if they left me alone...  sorry, i got off-topic.
I'm confused I hate the girl to be like that ... what shall I do ?
I'm in love and don't care who knows it Buddy the Elf.
I'm just looking for the girl who wants that time with me
I'm ready to move on, but I love him way too much!
I'm still in love with my ex and I'm so mad at my cousin because my ex likes her.
I've heard of friends getting married about 6 months after meeting somebody.
IF YOU COULD HAVE 4 QUALITIES IN YOUR WOMAN, WHAT WOULD THEY BE.
IF YOU KEEP TALKING TO HIM FOR ANOTHER WEEK,HE MIGHT THINK HE IS MARRIED TO YOU.
IF YOU LIKE HIM THAT MUCH,CALL HIM.
IF he tUrNS YoU dOwN, HES NOT WORTH IT IN THE FIRST PLACE!!!!
ILL BET YOUR NOT, BUT TRY TO EMAIL ME ATILIKETHICKCHIX@YAHOO.COM AND I WILL BE HONEST.
IS IT USUALLY ABOUT A YEAR BEFORE BOTH PEOPLE BEGIN 2 FEEL IN THAT COMFORTABLE,BORING, STAGE??
IT ALL DEPENDS ON THE GIRL OR THE AND HOW INTERSTED THE GIRL IS IN THE GUY.
IT CAN BE GOOD LUCK ALSO IF YOU TAKE IT AS GOOD LUCK.
IT DOESN'T MEAN THAT YOU ARE SLUTTY.
IT JUST MEANS THAT SHE IS REALLY INTERESTED IN THE GUY.
IT'S YOUR CHOICE NOT TO  HATE ONE,  I DISLIKE THEM TO SAY THE LEAST.
IT'S YOUR OWN LIFE, AS YOU SAID.
ITS a man thing live with it EGO
I`d like to see what a black female has to say about this.
If He Likes You, You'll Know!
If a guy cares he calls.
If all you do is argue it's not worth it..
If going to a movie is special for the 2 of you, then do that.
If he CAN'T then take him to a place where they have slowdances (dinner date, maybe?)
If he comes to his senses then great if not SCREW HIM!!
If he doesn't want to dance, then give it up.
If he if flurting with her ok jump him .
If he is, then go for it!
If he isn't and you're still not ready, then screw him!
If not, then don't sweat it!
If shae like him then there is a reson .
If she is not into you anymore...
If she likes music, make a special cd or tape.
If she will tell the administration i will be expelled coz its pakistan not america
If she's interested she'll call later.
If the Guy is worthy enough, u wont need to
If they don't, it's time to move on.
If they dont then you'll have to get on with your life.
If they have moved on then you should too.
If u guys still keep in touch---I dont think thats the best thing to do.
If yes, why do I heard some girl said flowers ar not going to last?
If you are gay BE GAY!!!
If you aren't happy fix it or get out.
If you do eat something like that then just quit.
If you do... then i would say it was a real and worth realtionship  :)    Good luck
If you don't you'll always wonder.
If you dont ask sombody else might.
If you feel your love is fading, don't just sit there and do nothing!
If you flirt with him, the challange is not there.
If you guys TRUELY love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc.
If you have to ask, then you are not in love.
If you like the guy then go for it.
If you need your x emotionally - then ya got some troubles.
If you or the other person is married, RUN!!!!
If you plan on cheating on your wife...you're a freaking pig and need to be shot!
If you play w/both at the same time, she will probably f-*# the sh%$ out of you!
If you start to feel the it comming on then start the four play again.
If you truely love him you will tell him
If you truly love your man & want to work it out then tell your X to respect that.
If you two are at a dance, he shouldn't really care.
If you two are serious then asking her that question shouldn't bother her.
If you want kids, then homemaker.
If you want to enjoy a bit - why don't you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms etc
If you want your girlfriend forever..........then just don't let her know that you want her forever, simple.
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now then it should be O>K>
If youre asking this, u surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend.
Im a gilr, i say those things....
Imagine that i am that guy and be MY girl freind!
Imgaine if it was JUST considered love??
Intellect - a chick with brains is just sexy!
Is there a reason that your not w/the baby's dad?
Is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes!!!
It always finds a way to get out in the open, just don't do it!
It could be  ( Choose one & why? )
It hurt like hell and I bled.
It is a mistake that can't be undone!
It is realy sweet and just what u r looking for!
It just sounds like u wear the pants.
It really was a casual aside when I said it -- I didn't think he would remember.
It sounds like a con, but i'm telling you, chicks dig it.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
It's a good idea to always be honest...besides not many guys I know don't like being told they're hot!
It's always in the back of my mind.
It's been over 6 months & I can't seem to get over it.
It's like breaking a drug habit.
It's like saying, What's got to stop me when I have already done it?
Its Shows how much they care about you!
JUST BE YOURSELF WHEN YOU ARE WITH HER.
Jump him because she likes him??
Just Talk your spouse about this
Just be prepared cause if it happen once it can happen again!
Just be prepared to let her go.
Just do what makes you happy!
Just enjoy the age you are and don't worry about all this.
Just face him, say Hey I like you wanna see a movie?
Just find one that loves you too.
Just go with your feelings if you like her so much then go with it.
Just remeber,     s go for guys who are themselves and ONLY themselves!
Just tell them, what are they gonna do, slap you??
Just think about what you like and do it back for them....kinda like a tounge massage.
Keep seaching for a believer in romance, she's out there!
King had a song about this - Only your Mother loves you (and see might be jiving too).
LOL I think this is better than the one on top of me...
Least not till he gets another girlfriend.
Leave it alone-I don't care what she says, she's in enough pain.
Let him go... either that or date his brother!
Lets get coffee and chat and take it from there!
Lets get it out of limbo ;)
Lie lie lie and then Lie some more
Like I said; he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breathe and ask him.
Listen to Faith Hill - Love Ain't like that            its a great example
Look, he already knows that you like him, and has he said anything bad about it?
Lust less like...you just go out?
MAKE A KIND MOVE , IF NO RESPONCE U KNOW WHAT TO DO !
Mabey because ou just think they look sexy when they are running on the feild
Mail me a pick honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you...
Man has penis and woman has clitoris.
Many people will tell you NO!
May be u think not but Yes!!!
Maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie or somthing.
Maybe he's going to call you!
Maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls
Maybe you and I can get together sometime & we'll find love with one another.
Maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so.
Maybe your young, I don't know.
Me and this boy been going off and on since last year.
Me, I'll pick up the tab if, I can get your vote for best answer.
Men like this, typically become wife beaters if you don't OBEY them!
Men play at love to get sex, women play at sex to get love.
Men who were not ready to committ.
Most often (not always) that will be guys around your age, give ot take.
Move on - so what if he's hot...looks aren't everything.
Move on, but you can still luv him!!
My bf loves me to death and doesnt want to give me up.
My bff hates my b/f and wishes for me to break up w/ him but I won't.
My boyfriend snores and I have the most terrible time sleeping!
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first and it is total bliss!
My ex of 3 years cheated.
My friend says I am to nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always says she loves me when were passing notes during class, butshe doesnt say it confrontationally
My girlfriend's the nuttiest, but I love her anyway.
My last girlfriend's Bf did that to her (before we met), and she still kept him.
My tragic love story was I loved him very much and he loved me too.
NEVER ever get married without a Prenup....
NO GOOD OR BAD IS YOUR PERSONAL BELIEF ON SOMETHING.
NO!NO!NO!IT CERTAINLY IS  MOST UNCOOL.U R SIMPLY WASTING UR HEALTH COS GIRLS JUST HATE IT.
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums....there r alot of great resteraunts of hotels.
Needless to say, Im 36 now and STILL in therapy around it.
Never stop trying to impress her .
No (at least I hope not).
No brainer  Oh and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile LMAO
No matter what he says, Action speaks louder then words
No men don't but little boys do
No seriously, think about howmany cocky girls are out there.
No way im 5`4 and he`s 6`2
No, Not if you have to ask.
No, not if you have to ask...
No, you won't because you know he has cheating tendancies.
Nope, he's too darned big and I'm too darned weak!
Nope, she is not a liar.
Not all guys get bored and move on.
Not always the easiest but they have been pretty good years.
Not what you can become just because she says too.
Now I keep thinking of getting it on with a girl.
Now me, I wouldn't marry any women who didn't want to change her name, but that is just me.
OK IT DEPENDS ON HOW MUCH YOUR STARTING TO HAVE FEELINGS FOR THIS BOY!
OK, tell her, but be as polite as possible.
OTHERS LIKE THINK DUE TO SOCIETY DICTATES ITS; I SAY SCREW SOCIETY AND GIVE ME THICK!
Obviously she don't want you if you know she likes the other boy!
Obviously, men ain't much better ;-)
Of course HE wants to go on.
Of course after 3 day of that my back went out LOL.
Ofcourse, if she calls like 5 times a day about that, then it would be crazy.
Oh and some because theyre thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
Oh man i should do that when im dating next time!
Oh yes, the trick ass hoe's never had a chance.
Ok Like I really really really like this guy and I dont know if he likes me back.
Ok, so I had this problem too.
Okay well first thing it sounds as if YOU GUYS ARE ALREADY MARRIED!.
One girl Michelle, who probably wouldn't mind being named, spoke up and said she didn't believe in it.
One his side of his family I met his father.
Only I am not thinking about him but I am having dreams about him.
Only now she and I are both divorced.
Only the ones that aren't worth your time
Only time will tell spend time with friends have fun don't thimk sbout it
Or do guys really do prefer bigger women?
Or if he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
Or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances...
Overtime should I give him another chance?
PLEASE DONT MISS OUT ON THIS ONE !!
PRACTICE KISSING ME  WERE DO YOU LIVE?
PS Im not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl.
Pay Attention to what the other person says!
People asked me - whats the hurry?
People don't like to be played yo-yo with.
Play sports with your guy friends.
Play the field a bit now.
Please don't go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers!
Ppl whose parents well take care of them, big time lazy ppl.
Preferrably someone who doesn't hate you.
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
RELAX AND BE REAL THAT IS WHAT WE LIKE.
REMEMBER IT TAKES TWO NOT ONE
Red= love, black = death ect...
Remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits.
Remember, NO BIRD EVER FLEW ON ONE WING!!
Remember, TILL DEATH DO YOU PART!!
Replaying everything you ever did to me?
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan yell.
SAY WILL U GO OUT WITH ME!!!!!!!!
SEPERATE THE BAD THING AND MOVE ON!
SEX IS NOT THE ONLY THING IMPORTANT IN LIFE DAMN IT!!!!!
SHUT THE HELL UP AND BE GAY IF YOU WANT TO!!!
SHould I dump him because of his mother
SO it was a good ideea!
SOUND LIKE YOU LIKE TO SELL YOURSELF TO MUCH.
STOP trying to slap it in everyones face!!!
STUPID U NEED A THEORY CLASS 4 THAT!!!!!!!
Say hey(whateverhisnameis) when ya taking me to dinner???
See if he calls, e-mails or even cares.
See my boyfriend (go to my 360)?
Send me your picture and contact me ..
She definitely wants you to think she's good looking, but she doesn't want that to be reason #1.
She is too afraid to ask him out.
She says your too good for her?
She will tell you if it's not OK.
She's strong and loving and most of all...really wasn't as happy as she thought she was.
She's the love of my life and I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with her.
Should I just forget it and move on?
Show her what you're good at.
Smile to him once in a while...then he will know...
So - U like asian food?
So I guess I pick domestic goddess.
So I'm only myself around guys I dont like, and you know the outcome.
So how do i just kiss him
So if you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs Drink up!
So if you're set on that, that's the way to go!!
So it would have to be love.
So its natural with that guy.
So thats why I ask why dont guyz ever know what they want with any kinda relationship!?!?!
So you have ONE baby out of wedlock.
So, when I moved in my neighbor asked me out.
Some do,some don't have it in them.
Some girls prefer gifts that won't die on them...something that lasts.
Some guys do...and some guys don't.
Some guys don't like boobs at all!
Some guys just don't like to dance.
Some people choose not to because of thier religion, others don't.
Some woman cannot seem to find guys their own age attractive.
Some women like big hairy guys, some guys like fat women, some gals like skinny guys, and vice-versa.
Someone who's never 'bitchy' just because she thinks it's cool...it ain't.
Sorry, I never have felt that way!
Sounds like a rhetorical question :)
Sounds like u r going through a lot right now.
Sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me!
Stay 100 miles away from this guy.
Stay away from this guy friend.
Stay far far away from guys who can't say I LIKE YOU.
Stay true to your husband...after all, he's the one you said I do to...
Stick with the 13 & 14 year old boys .. they are easier to control anyway.. LOL Good luck
TALK 2 YOUR BEST FRIEND AND SEE IF ITS COOL
THAT DEPENDS...ARE YOU A HOTTIE W/A BODY?
THE PROBLEM IS THAT HE CHEATED ON ME RECENTLY AND IT WAS THE WORST THAT HE COULD OF DONE.
THEY BOTH DONT RESPECT YOUR FEELING.
THIS IS A RED FLAG OF HOW THIS GUY IS.I WONDER!
TO ME IT REALY DOSE'NT  MATTER, BUT A HAND FULL IS QUITE ENOUGHT FOR ME.
TRY TALKING TO HER AND ASK HER TO HANG OUT AS FRIENDS SEE IF IT GOES SOMEWHERE
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her.
Tell her, girls like to her the truth GOOD LUCK
Tell him you don't want a real relationship.
Tell the bastard to GET OUT.
Thanks for the pep in advance!
That doesn't mean it makes it right, it means that it makes us human.
That doesn't mean you should let them in.
That got me really hot, but I ran off.
That only makes her easier to bed.
That said u need to figure out youself if u want to stay married to him.
That way you dont have to worry about you calling him too much!
That way, you aren't exactly telling them what you specifically don't like about them.
That's if u both agreed on doing this.
That's right, the right relationship happened on it's own.
Thats why I do not get in chat rooms anymore, unless its to laugh at all the freaks.
The Best of Luck to ya!
The One time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love!
The best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
The girls that whine that flowers don't last are just ungrateful.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
The pictures I've seen...I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The problem is not if u ask her while at work or not.
The rest is easy from there!!
The safest rules of internet dating are these: 1. chat via email and messenger 2. chat on the phone.
The same guy you wanna be in a relationship with?
The timing just wasnt right for it with the old guy...you'll see!
Then comes the fun part...he making it up to you :-)
Then go pick them up (If she say yes).
Then he said do you want some of MY chapstick?
Then if he still doesn't like you, then move on.
Then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie.
Then when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her in the lipps and then its up to you!
There are lots of things that make a woman not like sex.
There are tons of cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it!
There friends on the other hand, thats a different story...
There is nothing but trouble there!
There no one you can trust more than a good friend !
They are always in the 'in love' stage.
They are often worse than men!!!
They bother U all day long.
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of chicks.
They're a lot of fun - there's plenty to do.
Thing is, YOU DON'T HAVE TOO ASK HER OUT TO GO OUT WITH HER.
This gal does NOT want a bad boy at all.
This generation is just too stupid.
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women!
This is just what I have nurt many times.
Those was good times I tells ya.
To all my fellow girls at Cone, a big Hi and hug!
Truly she isn't ur friend, b-cuzz she won't stop bugging u!
Trust him,  don't bring it up again.
Try asking her out again and see what she says.
Try not to hang out with him and find another guy.
Try to be your self and don't show off
Try using some of these, but only if they actually apply!!!
U can have a big u-no-what, n suck in bed.
Ugly (or fat) guys just take what they can get.
Uh- wher've U been meeting these Filipinas?
Umm small party for the family
WAIT FOR HIM TO ASK U OUT UNLESS UR REAL DESPRETE
WAIT take it from a military girl WAIT!!
WE HAVE NO ROOM FOR SCREWED UP ANIMALS LIKE THIS IN OUR SOCIETY.
WELL BASICALLY YOU HAVE TO STOP TALKING TO HIM AND STOP THINKING ABOUT HIM
WELL I BELIEVE EVERYBODY SHOULD KEEP THEIR OWN NAME.
WHAT YOU  WHANT IS A HOOKER, YOU CAN FIND THAT IN ANY CORNER OF THE WORLD.
WHATEVER YOU DO...DO NOT TELL HIM TOO SOON!!!
WHEN WILL PEOPLE IN THIS EFFED UP WORLD FINALLY REALIZE THIS?!?!?!?!?!?!
WHY DOES EVERYONE SEEM TO WANT SOMEONE THAT THEY CAN'T HAVE AND KNOW THAT THEY SHOULDN'T WANT.
WHY don't you just leave the girl alone?
Wait til you get older and if you both STILL feel the same way then go for it!
Wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there!
Wanting to be something they're not?
We can't answer if she really means it.
We got married all over again!
We like it when guys do things for us and think about us.
We like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing.
We tried to move on but it didn't work.
Well i dont no how old you are which would help.
Well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him.
Well that is just the way it is I guess.
Well, the one I liked goes like this.
Well,if the one boy picks on you, why like him?
What a typical double standard you have set up!!
What guy doesn't like big boobs.
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits.
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years!!!!
Whatever  you decide, make it completly YOURS!
When I fall in love, I feel stupid.
When he teases you about the stupid little things.
When you first fall in love, your gitty, goofy, and silly happy just thinking about that person.
Where am I going with this?
Whle MAKING LOVE is like living a fantasy.
Whos to say that country girls feel more sexy?
Why can't men (or boys in your case) ever say the word LOVE?
Why do they want to be MARRIED???
Why do you ask this question??????????????
Why tie yourself to just one guy?
Wife says, We don't wear that shit.
Work at it but don't let him keep you locked up at home.
Wow I didn't think Pakistan is that conservative.
YES IT IS VERY POSSIBLE TO ENJOY GIVING PLEASURE RATHER THEN RECIEVING IT
YES all i can say.. but yes, i have long black hair and im proud!!
YOU ARE KILLING THE ROMANCE BY POPPING UP THAT STUPID QUESTION, ever thought of having fun together instead?
YOU CAN GET THEM IN STAPLES FOR $35
YOU CAN'T, so lets just start asumming it.
YOU NEVER LET A MAN  MISTREAT YOU
Yeah, time to cash in your chips.
Yes some men get right down to it with absolutly no thought for the woman.
Yes there are you just have to look.
Yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
Yes, girl down there, don't have sex.
You are a MOM, Act like One!!!
You are a man <--- Term used lightly!!
You both should pick either his or yours once you have kids.
You can share this with ur mom or dad.
You catch her looking at you?
You go to a bar and get drunk!
You gotta think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him!
You guys don't have any reason to hate each other.
You just have to make yourself walk away.
You know that's if u didn't play the guilt trip.
You know.......if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask.......sheesh!
You married him and it was for a reason.
You people have no right to get married!
You should go see a shrink!
You shouldn't go out with a guy because you 'need' to.
You will look like an idiot.
You'll be fine just have fun!
You're 13 don't even worry about it...
Your Kid is going to have hard enough time growing up without a DAD.
Your girlfriend will just think you're a jerk.
Your too young to be talking about kissing already.
a big savings area is flowers.
a good way is to imagine yourself without him/her.
a lot of guys like that - just looking for sex.
a sex toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
a spasm in your back usually
about what they think about gay marrige/ relationshiops?
after a while you dont even see the color.
again, i know once u have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
aint nothing in the world like a big boned gurl!
all my friends want to do is makeout!
all seniors think freshman girls are easy, its sad but true
also actual kissing and asking if your a good kisser...
also try getting some blonde highlights
also u shood wait a while b for having kids.
altho, i dont really like girls all that much.
am doing this just for the points lol
and ask if he wants to dance with you.
and for God sakes DO NOT be one of those controling baby mama's.
and get married only after you've been with a guy for more than 2 years.
and he had his nose pierced.
and he said that he would call me back.
and i dont know what i should do.
and i mean Really be her friend.
and i want to try again.
and if he says yes than you can tell him.
and im only in  fith grade o ya!
and impress her with affection and love.
and its been the best thing for at least me.
and never ignore her always listen to her...and when you do don't change the subjetct women hate that.
and people life is to short live it to the fulliest and have faith
and she still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons!!!!!
and thats how they'll react to it so yea its bad situation for you and him.
and you want to suck another man's D**K???
and yuck, what is with chest hair?
any women beside the ugly guys will look hot...
anyone with any ideas, tips or general info, email me back!!!
anything bigger than a handful is a waste, probably a size c or d
are you a country girl or a city girl.
as for now i think he is mad, hurt, upset and got over you.
as long as he dosent mind , who elses opinion matters?
ask her out or tell her u like or admire her.
ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she'd like.
ask him to go see a doc.
ask in english terms...cannot understand you
ask yourself and decide.and if you can afford it, do if you want to.
b/c you dont have any decision power what to do
bad teeth , bad breath and bad bo.
basicaly men just want to have girlfriend for free sex!!!
be cool and ask her on a date!
be her friend first then see where it goes
be yourself say whats up and you might get a response
because for some reason i cannot
because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits
because we love them its not until later when we think about it that what we have done.
because women think with their brains.
because....you know.......try to search you love.....but becareful.....!!!!!!
becuz if you do then your gonna lose your friend over a guy!!!!
believe in is a strange way to put it.
bembie hit the nail on the head
besides don't you think he has enough to worry about?
both of u work hard to get it right!!
btw - ur avatar looks familiar.
but I am not telling you to be celibate till then ;-)
but cuddling up with a large women is one of the best feelings i know of.
but he was a lil busy after that.
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you.
but i think they both like me.
but if a guy asks u dont be afraid to say NO.
but if they cannot exercise self-control, let them marry.
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you havent done allready.
but now we do all these things together and i dont know what to do..
but really if you're used to it and you kinda like it, go with it.
but that didnt bother me, because like i said wa&#92;e were just friends .
but thats her way... you could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open...
but thats ok. im a GIVER.WINK, WINK.
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in hevan.
by now, you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured.
cause i say no on avatars
cause it's buy one take one.
cause were masters of the universe...
child please, dont ask that question if you dont want your feelings hurt
choose the one that adores you the most!
come to my town ill be your girl....
complement her...ask her name...dont act weird...act like u r the smoothest guy ever.
compliments, honesty and make it about her.
could it ever be the same...
coz they are girls man and they are not as sofisticated as we are !
cuddling, kissing, fondling, playing with each others sex organs before sex.
curves, esp if they have big boobs, and softness........can't beata soft woman
cuz they like the little titis and pussys
depending on the age, cds or dvds.
depending on what yo uare looking for, freindship only, like.
depending on what you kissed ;)
depends on how old they are.
depends on if they are brunette or not
depends on the girl I guess... fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair.
did you fell goog because i want to have sex, but you have to be careful
do go telling everyone just because you think thats right.
do i want to be in love?
do it before it is to late
do u fell that way ?
do whats best for you and he
do you have to rush your choice?
do you like fake nails or manicured ones?
do you mean seem more sexy?
does she have other friends to gab with on the fone?
don't ask her to perform some act for you, make her the spotlight.
dont do things tht can get you hurt.
dont even listen to what people not just guys say,  watch how they act.
dump him...there are always more fish in the sea.
either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from
everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days.
figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
find a girl who has talets she also must be prety
find a nother girl and if that dosent work move back
find someone u like and say will u be my valentine!
flirt and see how he reponds
focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
follow ur heart... it's neva wrong
for me anything after 3 days and i might start to forget about you.
for the same reason thin girls prefer slender tonned guys
gals luv guys with positive self image.
get a grip, how can you love someone that you don't even communicate with.
get rid of the x if you are dating the guy you love right now.
girl there are more guys out there that love thick girls than u think?
girls are just as perverted--trust me.
girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly
girls are simply impressed if u can show a little care, respect and honesty to them.
give a rose and express ur love
give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends
give it some time and thought.
give them 2 months they will get over you.
give them a chance to discover you.
go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you.
go to deleted items and it should be there
go up to her and say 'hi, are you single?'
good god how old are you ?
good luck and hang in there.
guys are stupid!who knows why they do what they do.
guys have a problem with secrets.
guys think that they are special, and that they are only good enough for certain girls.
guys will think youre hot no matter what with this usually.
haha julesac is funny, but mean.
hang around untill the bar closes -- or visit a prison
hang out all day together and to top it off touch his feet.
happy birth day to you .
have you told her that it's kind of irritating with her having to check up on you everyday?
he dribbles... he shoots... he scores... 2 points...
he handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number.
he is probably wondering if your interested in him at all....flirt back!!
he just has to start over and earn your trust again.
he probably doesnt want to either.
he sounds like a manipulative jerk.
he then asked me, can i come with you?
he wants me to change how i look.
he wont turn you down .
he's telling that to some gurls too... he's a womanizer..
hell yeah for the first answer.that girl answered for me.
hello: i am looking to visit your country.
her parents?u can't fix it... her friends?maybe u can talk to them nicely...but, pls specify , why?
here in America it is not so important...
hey i really want to know so please help me out!!
hey im sorry i don't know and i wish best of luck to both of you!
hey it's better than her givin u a fake # to call lol!
hey, I'm a guy, but i'll tell you a little.
his answer is good enough for me...
his/her intelligence,the way they carry themselves,good looks and activeness
hold her hands, look to her eyes and say it, but only say it if you really love her.
honestly, most girls are just Waiting for the guy to Tell her how he truly feels.
how do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me
how do i get he to stop nagging me and leave me alone.
how often can you have sex with pam anderson?
how would anyone know if they don't know anything about you?
i agree with the other preson before anyone gets hurt
i agree, just kiss him... he'll respond one way or another.
i also have not a single girl friend .
i am 49 yrs of age and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with and possibly?????
i am in college and he is my only sourse of income until i get out.
i am just curious to what everyone thinks.
i am one of those who want to wait until being totally in love with someone.
i am waiting till im married but when is it too far?
i can onli say...women r complicated...
i can't explain it...and no, it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable or submissive.
i can't help any more unless i have more infor.
i could give you some pointers.
i did this with my current boyfriend.
i do not know what she wants.
i don't know what u mean.
i don't understand someone please give me the answer
i dont like a guy dat does dat all da time.
i dont think so, maybe they should try taking our last names
i dont wanna just randomly go up nd be like GO out wiht me?
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
i guess its normal, but id just move on
i had a friend in the same situation.
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .
i hate it my self, i love the straight ones
i have a problem of unloading all my junk up front and maybe i told this guy to much.
i have never been to it
i have to stop right away because i'm ready to relieve myself.
i have told her i liked her and she said she would want to ruin or friendship.
i hoping for at least a 90% but realistically i think its more like 70% or 65%.
i just need someone to help me figer this out
i like him alot and i want to win him over not push him away.
i like older girls so i think this is sick and wrong that they cant go out with her
i like sos and need to know if im in love
i like this boy austin and i told my friend claudia to ask hin if he likes me
i love him but i think im ready to move oe, meet new guys!
i love them b/c im a guy and i dont have to ask anyone to the dance
i mean if in your country there is an short messaging system in your cellphone then find a textmate!!
i mean if u love him and he really loves u he may want to disapoint his father.
i mean of course you will be making more money if you work hard.
i met this guy once, very romantic, i met him in this huge rainstorm.
i only once told a girl that i loved her, and i meant it.
i prob will tell her soon cuz shes my best friend ha well any help would be nice.
i saved a good $500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
i see a malaysia air ad on tv and i go gaga.
i seriously doubt that you are in love with that many guys.
i sure wont like any girl who would make my life difficult...
i think as long as you dont base your relationship on sex its ok
i think he would make a great valentine.
i think hse will crash him!
i think im still totally in love w/ him...
i think it all depends on age, upbringing, .
i think thats fantastic, maybe you should do the first move!
i think the Bomb is much easier!!
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there.
i thnk u shud b ur tru self, hav self esteem, self confidance
i was also thinking about lime green.
i was cheated on for 3 of the years.
i was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what??
i went and there he was.
i wish i had listened to my friends
i would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask u out sometime
i would like to have some fun with u that's why i answered this stupid question
i would say around 3 or 4
i would... you sound alot like my best friend.
i'd ask you out, but i live in Oregon and have no idea where you live...
i'd love to hear logical opinons on this, thanks
i'll go with anything natural than fake i even hate the word fake
i'll probably go and see one.
i'm 55 years old and still live at home with my mammy,whats wrong with that!!!!
i'm into a 6th grade boy too!
i'm not against gayz and lez's they are the best friends a person can have.
i've been with this girl for 8 months and we haven't kissed is this bad?
if a guy really respects u then he'll understand.
if anyone know let me know
if he doesn't start acting right, then leave him.
if he doesn't then there are too many fish in the sea.
if he insists, it means he only after sex.
if he is then you have a good man.
if he really didn't like her and did like you, then he would have already dumped her for you.
if he's gonna be an on and off guy like that i say dump him 4 good!
if he/she want to see you picture rightaway it sex!
if i am to ask, i'll then leave, stop the relationship and move on with my life.
if i would've kept my last name its just a freakin name.
if nothing work ... u have to ask him for it again  :-)
if she doesnt want to be with you- try to be her friend.
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off.
if she is calling just to bablle then tell her to not call you so often!
if she likes him than she dont like u dump her is not his fault that she strays
if she sits on your bestfriends lap because she is drunk then yes it is a turn off.
if u can imagine him as the father of ur children !
if u have penis than its no problem u just hv to  penitrate her pussy with ur errect penis.
if u have to ask other people i really dont think ur ready to
if u really really really really really really like them
if u think that he feels the same way about you, why not?
if u you act like dat all da time she might think u desperate.
if ur talkin ten then i think it would be fine to get a video/ computer game.
if ya'll don't know anyting about each other u can't connect.
if yor hott too show him your boobies
if you are happy she should be happy, unless he really is being bad to you.
if you are into sixth graders you are obviously young.
if you don't know ask someone who would.
if you end it he might not be your friend thats why i dont go with friends
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you shouldn't get married.
if you look creepy and you look..they'll all think you're leering.
if you really love him, you would let him go...
if you really wanted to be with him, you wouldn't be asking.
if you want it to work out it will .
if you're asking, then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options.
if your a hoe then he's one to...i personally don't think your one tho
if your relationship survive the four seasons... i guess you should be ready....
if your talkin hubby or the like i'd say tools toys for his vehicle, sports related things.
if your the average guy breast size shouldn't matter.
ill like to visit usa what are the needfull things
im going to jump that boy is that the right choice
im very bored bein single.sittin back watchin other gurlz hava all da fun!
imet a girl and i want to know how to know if shes into me or not
in a park when i was 16 i lost my virgenate
in my case i think 80%
in that case tkake some defense classes.
in the middle of the river while there was ppl watching it was actually pretty fuuny!!
is How should I approach her and be not just another guy hitting on her?
is she just trying to use you?
is this a trick question ?
is worth  the wait when you are ready.
it a two way traffic until you get them you will know which one it is
it all depends on when ur ready.
it comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay.
it could be that u need to piss or the last dream u had
it could probably mean a lot of things.
it defenetely looks like he has feelings for u.do u show how u feel;;u should!!
it depends do u like either one???
it depends on if you could trust him before!
it depends they all like different 1's but not selfsenterd freaks like u
it depends, if you really love him you will prob think youll want to egnolage it
it does sound a little girlie.
it happened to me and i am now dating that person
it hurts....alot...maybe some girls might say that's it?
it is absolutely just a challenge!!!!!!!!!!!
it is very complcated tell it again please but in simple
it is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after texting a few months
it kind of gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
it never hurts to be flirty!
it really depends if someone is vain or not.
it really depends on the guy but i think most guys seriously don't care.
it sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away.
it was really nice how he asked me out.
it's got to get played out after a while.
it's more of a trust issue i'd say.
it's not that bad... at least it is not Bella
its all about her, and no it shouldnt be something that happends on a first date.
its all in the eye contact
its been half a year- is it normal 2 still like him??
its like if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan cuz u look too fat.
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
its one way of saying i don't like you!
its unusal yes, but nothing bad.
its ur PERSONALitie, keep to it, whether a guy goes out with u shouldnt determin how u act.
ive been dating this guy that's younger than me.
just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend doesnt mean he is.
just divorce that guy... he has no honour and he dont love you.
just get rid of him  you will be better off
just keep it cool, a little hard to get might help!
just let her know what you feel.
just let it all out, I use art a lot to vent problems that I have.
just move on with your life and frind some one eles!
just moved to Sacramento, Gay male, 30
just on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
just try and make the best of what's to come.
just want to know HAVE YOU BEEN TO THE DOC YET !
k. So what size of breast does the average guy like do you think?
keep away ur fear and tell him.
keep getting her younger and younger guys as one gets old get a new one for her...
keeping secrets only hurt the ones you love.
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss just on the forehead.
let him make the first move if u do it may make u look like ur ubsesd with him!
let it take it's course from there.
let me know what you think, thanks
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry?
lime green would be more for a summer wedding.
listen it aint that easy.I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade,then again in 4th,and again in 8th.
lol  most important... just be yourself.
lol I too want to smack that smile off her face
lol so if thats u u deff need to stop that is FONKY!!
look at the way she walks.
look for a man that's hot!
look for another hot girl, so she will be jealous.
look in the internet u will find lots of things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news
look, try and get out to meet people.
looks don't really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
lots of men like thick girls, most of them are black.
make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her
man how many times I passed up a great oppertunity by worrying about someone saying No......
many women 22 are dating men 27 so the 22 yo men feel insecure and have to fish downstream
marriage is really about trusting & communicating
may be becaues your name is freakgirl but if you show your face maybe not no hard feelings
may be its interesting for them
maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen.
maybe he thinks he will  be turned down.just ask...i would.
maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back.
maybe she's not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was
men without hair look like little boys to me, and it's not sexy at all.
most girls are polite she'll answer it
most teen boyz prefer girls that like sex.
move on and find someone who doesn't hate you.
my be she don't love  you but  try to use your  brean not  your haerd
my cuzin met up with some wierd old perv saying he was a hot teen that she met online
my friend has a bf who she talks 2 online and on the phone.
my last bf i met driving round a roundabout in another car!!
my mom also has cancer and this just hits to close to home for me.
my mom books them all of the time pat@alanatvl.com
my twin wont talk or listen to me
my wife forgives me for alot of things .
never tell her she's fat big one!!!
no , you are punish , and no tv for a month
no 10 years younger, who wants an older women?
no and u shouldnt care.if u like him then stay with him.
no i haven't..i prefer normal-looking guys
no offense, but it kinda sounds like a girls name ya know but no disrespect intended!
no one needs to know that!
no single man can give you what you really want.
no u shouldnt leave them...just teach them what to do to please u better...
no you wont huni......i was married to a complete arsehole!!!!
no, because i'm not married yet
no.u guys kiss when ur ready
none come in my list so i choose my neighbors wife :D
not all guys, but some guys do
not all the time, sometimes men shave them, it depends on the woman,
not everyone on here is in school.
not for anything but lookin at
of course you do wanna chat hit me up fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com
ohhh this is what i did - big bad mistake on my part.
ok i have liked this on girl since i was in ninth grade.
ok i see him ever week in psr but i just cant talk to him!!!
ok now some guy's like girls like that and some don't
ok, those other replies are just cocky, i'm way more FINE.
on average id say about 45% at first but than one you get to knowthe person maybe 15%
on the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain it was awesome!
one man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me.
one of my best friends had a thing with my big sister a few months ago.
only if you want it to be.
only that i can say: good luck!
only two points to make friends  1.
or ask about the score of last game?
or does his friends point at you when your with him.
or just you wanna say that!?
or that she just wants to see other people?
or, what about blue and green?
people are HUSBANDS and WIVES for REASONS!!!
pick the 1 w/ better treatment towards u
pick the one you like the most.
pickup lines are tacky..just be yourself and complament her alot..women like that
play a truth or dare game together
please be honest with me i can handle the truth
please do.. im thinking  you would get slapped mid-reach,or kicked in the groin.
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone...
plus they are more passionate in love makin.
practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tounge, the girls love it!
practice unwrapping starburst with ur tongue, and tieing cherry stems w/ your tongue.
practice, ask if your doing good.
problem is i really like him.
r u talking about ur avatar?
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one.
sak her out what's up with that?
say i love you and if the wait to say it back it tells it all
see if he is willing to go out the way for you.
she calls him all the time.
shop around for invitations and everything else!
should i  make the first move or should i wait for him to make the first move ?
should i or shouldn't i. younger guy vs older woman
show her your naked baby pictures.
simple enough, do like anyone else does.....play with it.
simple...honesty and love and try to true with them
size, shape,looks, ect should NOT matter at all...
slow down the pace maybe, fourplay,
smaller of course, and it is all about LOOKS!!
so id say, they do work out, just not a lot of the times...hope this helps...
so in my opinon ur not a hoe!
so just take it day by day-step by step.think of how he lost a good thing.
so ofcourse i had to ask him if he was blowin me off.
so so sexy YES it look very nice on most any girl
so there are some guys that only say the L word if they mean it.
so wait for another 4 years.
so you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you..
so, no i feel its a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them.
some do, but i would rather have a pair that were not too big
someone i can be myself with.
sometimes but you have to observe the one you call your man.
sometimes its better to be very good friends first and make sure ur happy around each other
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad
sounds like you really love her...no need to forget her!
start the day off with breakfast out...then perhaps a nice walk.
start with a basic everyday question and go from there :)
stay alive and get your old life back.
stick yourself out there more, you have to do far more than eye contact
sure let me know more 'bout you
sure...and will you pay mine too????
sweetheart let him go ,if he is ment to be with u he will come back to you
take baths ?know how to speak ?
take it off pop up block
take them both out at the same time
tell her to move to MASS.............
tell him that u jst wannabe friends and that u r relly disappointed that he would act so dumb!!!
tell him what you really want...that's what they tell me but never got to do...speak up...
tell him, and it wouldn't seem psycho cuz u have kno each other for a long time
tell more ppl (my bor did)
that is a sign, things like that can make it really obvious
that way you can still go by your last name!
that would be sooo painful you know,trust me been there done that!
that's not exactly true.... it's just that most girls are discreet about it...
that's too many, and selfish ,indeed.... u just desperate n keep on trying another one right?
thats a chance your gonna have to take.
thats a stereotype( not a country girl by the way)And I think Im sexy in my own way.
thats all i have 2 say.
thats weird but maybe idk ill talk to my friend by his locker.
thats why they call it making love.
the doctor can't even believe it.
the fact that a guy is sooo self centered is a huge turn off for me.
the girlz that are pretty or have a great personality.
the guy i like is mad at me.
the list could go on and on.
the people who are around you now, like your friends, should like you no matter what!
the right date can save money on lots of things.
the thing is im a person that does not like to brake others heart.
the two of you should talk privately and personally...you have to clear each other's side..do it now
then be your best self, if he's impressed or likes you he'll talk back
then she might say that looks ugly i think (a color) looks better.
then u can make an easier decision.
there are lost of good women left you just have to look in the right place.
there are many times that you love the guy but not sure did he love you also.
there are movies that i haven't seen yet.
there are not any words that are going to make it any better.
there are some that do, but you should be able to tel.
there isn't a wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
there was his stop so he got off the train.
they accept this in thier culture.
they don't mean to get them pregnant they just can't keep it in there pants because they are PIGS!!!
they feel that they are better than womans but there wrong
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure!
they like the challange i know thats what i love about it
they never met but she says they're in love.
they probobly know you cant really hide that but you should tell your parents
they think it is the only right way!
they think that they can control other peoples lives when thye cant
think about what good it brought about.
this is a big day in both of your lives, it shouldnt be done quickly and without thought.
this is sin, our selves have started this
though i'm 19, i like anything up to 30?
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens.
try to contact their q&a team..they'll help you through..have a nice day!
u are asking do u like me
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along.
u need to be wit that person, you have found your true love
u need to reput it in add it back just like first time
u seem desperate and you'll never find a      if you're desperate.
u should take the time to get to know both of them equally without goin out with them.
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down.
u'll find a man who really deserves u one day).
u'll see that no matter how hurt u r it's still the simplest reason y u smile.
ummm yes i do i think anyone does!!
unless it's with the wrong man.
unless you dont love your husband anymore and you have room for another man????
ur self image is also very important.
usually it is multiple things not just one thing
wait a little while then date guys that way you enjoy it more.
wait till you get 25. you would not loose your charm by then.
want to get something you can not get rid of go ahead then
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away.
we can restle around and be the best of friends.
we dont no what you look like !
we fall in love  they treat us bad  why are we there
we was hangin out a lil.
we will not regret it.at ur service anytime.
we've tried breakin up a couple times but it never happens.
well after u take her out get to know her some and then go 4 the kill,ask her out
well all ur missing is a million dollar smile..:)
well depend on women wot she want
well from your list, i would have to choose spiderman.
well i hope you read this really well.
well i met mine in a carnival.
well if he says he isnt believe him.
well if it was before you then he wasnt cheating at all... obviously.
well if they gave you their phone number you dont have to wait at all
well just go up to her.
well to tell u tha truth u learn but u have to actually do it.
well, if u can imagine ur self with him in bed @ night!!
well, in my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
well, you, and that sexy perfume you wear!!
well-im  girl so ill help u out.
what happened when the politician took viagra?
what shuld i do to get her ?
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday?
what the hell r ya talking abt?
what was the mistake that you did
what's the worst that could happen.
when he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back.
when my sis kisses someone she closes her eyes to get ready.
when one minute you want to throttle the other person & the next you want to jump their bones
when possible, try to make it yourself.
when she calls, text her back
when you 18 or 20 because when they said something they dont mean it
when you can fart in front of the one your dating
who gives a crap what anyone else thinks.
who knows but i would absouletly love that 2 be done 2 me.
who said women dont feel anything?
why do gays want to get married?
why do they want it state sanctioned?
why does it matter what they think if they dont get along dont spend time togather.
why don't you try chatting/seeing other guys just to catch his reaction?
why dont you just ask her if you can kiss her?
why wait,,,,, go ahead do it
wife because then you can do more with out comminting a sin
wit her takin ur number, there's nothing wrong wit that.
without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty.
women dont want much, just some acknowldgement and sometimes help.
women take on alot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing.
wow, go with the one that picks on you because 9 times out out 10 he likes you
yah look me up if you are ever in florida  lol!!!
yea ask for permission by all means and watch how fast she slap the s--- out you
yeah ok men work and fix things but what else can you do?
yeah, im a guy so i dont really have to pay.
yes be disappointed and be mad!!
yes but it dipends of the guy
yes for sure, especially when she throw up!!
yes i have done it it was a lot of fun.
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them
yes it is a sick habit
yes it is normal cause their is lots of people who still likes some they broke up with.
yes jaime is going to ask rubi out.... but it is not yoru business...
yes we like flowers, pretty, good smelling ones
you are already doing it so why yet bother?
you are definitely not a hoe, don't worry.
you are so full of it, teasing all these desperate lonely sad sad guys, shame on you
you are too good for them
you can do a civilian arrest  answ3r3r
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat
you care your family and everybody in your family will love you.
you didn't give us very good information/  do you all live in one house.
you dont look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a gf will come along.
you dont want anyone else but that person ever
you give at least 5 minutes for kissing and huging and may be some licking also .
you have to find whats right for you and your partner/s!
you have to search yourself for this one...
you just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better.
you like him or you don't like him?
you married your hubby hopefully because you love him .
you need a therapist for that.
you never know gurl they never show efection only when they want somthing
you should be proud of yourself.
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will.
you should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable.
you should probaly make a move because he is obviosly shy
you shouldn't be asking this question?
you sorta stuck yourself out thier to get hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
you still released at least a thousand!
you want all your friends forever?)
you win some you lose some take it with a grain of salt and be more carefull next time
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them.
you're probably just too good for him anyway.
your looking to hard, or maybe you're looking in the wrong places... sign up for yahoo personals
yup, i can lift him, he's only 185....lol
