Therefore, anyway, when I left him, I swore, I, never get married again.
Therefore, he must be a control freak.
Therefore, does this mean he enjoyed me?
Therefore, even if he was rich, not sell your self.
Therefore, it would be easier to do, if I were mad, though.
Therefore, and now even in devorce, I was stuck with it.
Therefore, I mess up much at times, but she did not forget.
Therefore, saying sorry to him, without commiting a mistake, is humilation to your self, and do not ever get weak.
Therefore, that's what I called it, and, why?
Therefore, this is really hard, because there were a lot of temptations out there.
Therefore, take on how the world works, and their desire to catch up.
Therefore, women are curious about sex with other people, even me.
Therefore, a trip to amusement park, such as roller coaster, or even theatrical museum.
Therefore, you tell her why you liked her.
Therefore, a person asks me,do you mind if we cuddle?
Therefore, 10 years gap is simply nice.
Therefore, years down the road, that is all you can be so start from the beginning.
Therefore, to 32, she did not have to be younger than you.
Therefore, although, flowers were really nice, even if they did not last.
Therefore, I have not tried it, but I was still trying to get up the nerve.
Therefore, there is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Therefore, nah the only time you see a person emotional, is when he was with his lady love.
Therefore, other than those two things, simply ask him once in a while.
Therefore, a couple of ways, get him drunk.
A life of your own, and a life you had been missing out on.
Therefore, a picture the shape of a heart, with you and her, when you both first dated. is special.
Therefore, last but not least, did he always simply happen to be staring.
Therefore, after how much time can you conclude that it took too long and she was not really interested?
Therefore, after I while, I passed and I still loved him.
Therefore, all in all, I did not think it really matters.
Therefore, people get bored, and tire way before person did.
Therefore, sometimes people think they did not need you, so bad until your gone.
Therefore, trail ride with a friend.
Therefore, I hate him for it.
Therefore, I hear you fountain, and same thing happened to me.
Therefore, I hope to god, it did not ever pass.
Therefore, I am sure as well, not driving five hours, simply to hang out unless I really really liked her.
Therefore, any person who was he, he would be proly not being entirely honest with himself.
Therefore, do not fall for the alcoholic, only on weekends line, that the person above was giving.
Therefore, do not start with her looks, mister.
Therefore, he has seen me every day, for about four or five years.
Therefore, if you were worried about doing it, performance wise, not.
Therefore, if you had, what was it like?
Therefore, remember there is more then 1.
Therefore, and so what if it was a rebound relationship for both of you?
Therefore, that will be simply s, x.
Therefore, the girlfriend should accept that about if she loved you.
Therefore, whatever you do, do not try to have both of them at once.
Therefore, people also expect people to act as that, so why should they grow up?
Therefore, you did not have to be an overly happy hyper-active person.
Therefore, anything that is not nailed down.
Therefore, my question is, will I always feel that way?
Therefore, as a person, let me say this.
Therefore, as everyone said, not get married, so early.
Therefore, ask her out after class, again.
Therefore, ask her questions, and do not simply speak.
Therefore, ask if they would desire to go somewhere with you.
Therefore, ask your self, that, if you knew what I meant.
Therefore, ask your best friend, if it would be acceptable.
Therefore, at least that is what it appears to me.
Therefore, looks clearly matter, anyone saying they did not is probably lying.
Therefore, be confident, always believe in yourself.do not be arrogant, though.always make good eye contact.listen to what she had to say.
Therefore, there's no better person to marry someday, than your best friend.
Therefore, it is acceptable to kiss on the first date.
Therefore, if she was so intoxicated, that she became a slob, or slut, then yes, it is unattractive.
Therefore, we always find a life partner, and we attract with opposite side.
Therefore, be really nice, and give eye contact, and smile a lot, hope this helps.
Therefore, be strong, and hang in there.
Therefore, be you show a little toghness, which was what people liked atleast most of them, but mostly be yourself.
Therefore, they feel insecure with less educated people.
Therefore, believe it, or not, women hated cocky people.
Therefore, he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a large mama's person, and thus.
Therefore, if it failed, you be up, h* t.
Therefore, some couples never get to that comfortable stage.
Therefore, some women send people tiny messages, with out saying it clearly.
Therefore, the white women were taking up all the people.
Therefore, women didn't put out often.
Best of luck to you, both:
Therefore, breakback mountain, acceptable, and at least you'll be happy.
Therefore, there's always a but, was not there?
Therefore, I need to be happy.
Therefore, ask a person about the sympthoms, because I was a person.
Therefore, do not simply sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
Therefore, he chaeted, so, I suppose I can lift or carry my husband.
Therefore, he is getting married, this month.
Therefore, he might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Therefore, he swears that we were simply friends.
Therefore, if she did not have a reason, then she was not your friend.
Therefore, it does not mean you could not love another.
Therefore, some people would do that, and why?
Therefore, stick with wats inside of you.
Therefore, those people were jerks, and you did not desire them, anwyay.
Therefore, try the nice way first, people hate being ignored.
Therefore, you did what you wanted.
Therefore, you know what, I felt the person should make the first move.
Therefore, you need to do this a few times.
Therefore, I know exactly what I desired in a relationship.
Therefore, confront him, and ask him that way, you will know.
Therefore, cut your cousin, an your ex boyfriend, off complete.
Therefore, celebrate valentine, with joy, and fun, give eachother gifts and hav a fun.
Therefore, chances are, if you preferred her as a friend, you would like her as more.
Therefore, coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie matinee.
Therefore, confusing, yes, I think your right.
Therefore, could it be because some people were liars, and fat mouths?
Therefore, do not let her rule your life, she will simply have to learn to deal with it.
Therefore, do not rush it, feel all your emotions come alive.
Therefore, do not forget to choose, and vote for best answer.
Therefore, do not listen to these fools, with al their b.s.
Therefore, drop his, but, there are plenty of fish in the sea of amore:0.
Therefore, it, if only every person knew what women wanted the world would be a much happier place.
Death is like a large black bag, full of crack, or smack, or meth.
Death is like a box full of candy corn.
Depends on the person, some people did some people did not.
Depends on the person, it is better shaved.
Depends, some days, I desire to have sex, and somedays I did not.
Therefore, did turn gay, or was it a curiosity thing?
Therefore, did you ever think of that?
Therefore, do you love her in depth?
Therefore, do not try to have sex.
Therefore, do you know he loved you?
Therefore, do you prefer to argue and fight?
Therefore, do you really desire to spend the rest of your life with someone you argued with all the time.
Therefore, do not be afraid to say no.
Therefore, do not come here, it smells like a trap to me.
Therefore, do not do that, it did not work.
Therefore, do not do this over the phone, email, etc.
Therefore, do not eat where you took a s.
Therefore, do not go anywhere, you went with him, or her.
Therefore, do not simply stay with him, for the baby.
Therefore, do not know, but daniel OK had never read manga.
Therefore, do not listen to what anyone else told you to do.
Therefore, do not look back, and enjoy the friends you had.
Therefore, do not persue it, he was getting married.
Therefore, do not think you should try it.
Therefore, do not use pick up lines, that is a turn off.
Therefore, do not worry what people will say.
Therefore, do not worry, I aint working with much, either.
Therefore, do not tell them, but let them find out once your in bed with her.
Therefore, do not try to figure it out, is jus the way it was.
Therefore, do not worry about him, and simply sonsentrate in school, so you can lern, and then woory about your b/f.
Therefore, do not you know the number one rule, trust no one.
Therefore, downtown houston, simply about any weekend, lots of clubs, and
Therefore, what your sayin is she did not desire to be more than boyfriend and girlfriend?
Therefore, you have to suck it up, and introduce yourself.
Therefore, either way, best of luck, but I was simply glad that I had brown hair.
Therefore, you move on with your life, or you try to make it work with this person.
Therefore, if you did not feel like it.
Therefore, the day after would be acceptable.
Therefore, people likes to be told that they were hot, even, if they did not admit it.
Therefore, everywhere, simply ask any person passing by, but only in thailand, not in us, laughing out loud.
Therefore, exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages, and simply keep in touch.
Therefore, a culture that had it right.
Therefore, you order one online, and the stork brought one to you.
First of all, why did you people break up?
Therefore, I have four children, so a homemaker was more work than my job, even.
Therefore, for one thing, if it did not work out there, goes your job.
Therefore, for the people, a, do you prefer a larger person, or a smaller person?
Therefore, fun includes eating meals, not breakfast, if you know what I mean.
Therefore, women do not think it was cool, and they think it was people who smoke are pathetic, because they were killing themselves.
Therefore, go to hawaii, and ha, or, pay someone, laughing out loud.
Therefore, good luck, and I hope everything goes well.
Therefore, kind and my fifth, I will simply be dissapointed, if she was stupid.
Therefore, get a life, and do not waste mine.
Therefore, get a massage, and get away from it all, he.
Therefore, getting married, and getting child can wait, but studies can not.
Therefore, only you can decide on this, and.
Therefore, people do not prefer people who was all about themselves.
Therefore, give your brother some money, and tell him to take a hike.
Therefore, giving it up, simply for him to stick around, is as selling your soul to the devil.
Therefore, giving you stupid excuses of the wall, and acting the way he did not before.
Therefore, go for it, and take the chance.
Therefore, go out, and do everything you could not, when you were with him/her.
Therefore, go to school, you can still come home, or call your family and friends.
Therefore, going to a club, and dancing.
Therefore, good luck, and keep it cool.
Therefore, good luck, but do your homework.
Therefore, good luck in your search for the one.
Therefore, to let the person you were with know what you wanted.
Therefore, people come, and go, but friends were forever.
Therefore, hang in there for one that apprecaites you.
Therefore, I would love to meet the ladys.
Therefore, I find him looking at me, every now and then.
Therefore, that is why I was single.
Therefore, too bad, it's not automatic, like msn, or aol.
Therefore, has he simply dumped a person, and left before?
Therefore, enjoy in jail, asking that question to your cell mate.
Therefore, enjoy, and remember to never get so comfortable, that you always knew what's going to happen next.
Have you ever had a pap smear.
Therefore, having fun with person friends, is acceptable. 1.
Therefore, he everything I ever wanted with the looks, money, and things.
Therefore, he loves you, too, person, time will tell.
Therefore, he's a player, and no good trust me, and
Therefore, it happened to me twice.
Therefore, help me win this debate, with her.
Therefore, here's my answer: a, most people definitely did not prefer people that were skin and bone.
Therefore, I am in nyc, I will help you out, if your around.
Therefore, do not get me wrong.
Therefore, it is like, everyone's had to seperate some day, or the other.
Therefore, my name is xx, been working for me, for years.
Therefore, my husband liked me for me.
Therefore, how about, would you prefer to go out with me, sometime?
Therefore, drunk is this person getting?
Therefore, how to make a person happy to make a person happy.
Therefore, that does not mean that large people can not be cute.
Therefore, I always believed in the fact there's a large different between having sex and making love.
Therefore, I always felt the same way, but I met my true love, and my views changed.
Therefore, I simply got a divorce, and so did he.
Therefore, I prefer thick, because I felt cheated with a thin one.
Therefore, I love to express my feelings to the women, with poems, has anyone written one for a special person.
Therefore, I actually ponder this one, now, and again.
Therefore, I also hate seeing my father unhappy.
Therefore, I always say that you should not do things, if your gon to regret them later.
Therefore, I am a person, and let me tell you, we loved to chase.
Therefore, I am person, and I too feel so, because I too was.
Therefore, I am the maid of honor, for my only sister, and I desire it to be perfect.
Therefore, I asked him, if he still liked me, and he said yes, but he did not act like it.
Therefore, I can simply toss him to side, and forget about him, as last night's trash. laughing out loud.
Therefore, I can not see my life, without my husband.
Therefore, I cannot give you a wife view, but hopefully mine is simply as good.
Therefore, I dated a person, this past year, and he got to the a violent point.
Therefore, I dated one, and I know.
Therefore, I did this before, accidentally, and my friend was mad, that I deleted him.
Therefore, I do not believe trust had to be earned, because how was that even possible.
Therefore, I do not know what to do, because she knew how much I cared about him.
Therefore, I do, much prettier, and smooth as silk.
Therefore, I do not know about love, but he enjoyed you for sure.
Therefore, I do not know can I do anything about it?
Therefore, I do not know what to do.
Therefore, I do not know what you said, because I was to lazy to read your typing.
Therefore, I do not know. I simply desire the points, laughing out loud.
Therefore, I do not know, how would you prefer something crammed up your butt.
Therefore, I do not mean, and did you think women were sexy and beautiful.
Therefore, I do not need a trophy person, I desire a companion.
Therefore, I do not think it was good idea, you were not there for this purpose.
Therefore, I do not understand why people think it was wrong.
Therefore, I do not desire to be mean.
Therefore, I do not ever remember giving a person a cristmas gift, unless I liked her.
Therefore, I do not know.but I know of another website, that I went to.
Therefore, I do not think I mind either way.
Therefore, I do not think it was wise to date at work.
Therefore, I even worked there for awhile, and met the person of my dreams.
Therefore, I feel bad, because I knew that I snore sometime, most people did, right?
Therefore, I feel goofy, dorky, and happy.
Therefore, I find if I try real hard, I can see things I knew were not there normally there.
Therefore, I suppose it's kind of nice, and it's like your father's blessing all the way.
Therefore, I had someone get nasty with me, because I was still dating?
Therefore, I have a close person friend.
Therefore, I have long black hair, and I loved it, hubby loved it too.
Therefore, I have no idea where to begin.
Therefore, I have sexed many people, and some where whores.
Therefore, I have yahoo email, and that works for me.
Therefore, I hope I see some of it soon.
Therefore, I hope you find a nice person.
Therefore, I simply got out of a three year relationship with my baby's father.
Therefore, I know three people, that I can probably get away with doing something like that.
Therefore, I know I had someone to come home to.
Therefore, I know, because I was simply like your wife.
Therefore, I know I was overtly picky, about people, how can I stop it.
Therefore, I know, why should I hide it?
Therefore, I like any person that was funny.
Therefore, I prefer him, and he says things like, if I were not dating, I would go out with you?
Therefore, I prefer intelligent, fun, and hot women.
Therefore, I prefer natural, real people, and I did not prefer fake looking prissy drama queens.
Therefore, I love curly hair, I enjoyed to run my fingers through it.
Therefore, I married my person, and did you know why, besides love.
Therefore, I mean the both of you together.
Therefore, I mean the worst,the absolute worst, is that she said no.Take a chance and good luck.
Therefore, I must not be ugly enough, then.
Therefore, I myself think that they did.
Therefore, I never knew life could be so good.
Therefore, I never wanted to have sex again.
Therefore, I never went out with him, a second time.
Therefore, I prefer a& be cups, myself.
Therefore, I really care about you, and I can not stop thinking about you.
Therefore, I really liked this person, and I did not know if it was simply a crush, or if I loved him.
Therefore, I still loved him, what to do.
Therefore, I think a lot of people liked getting flowers.
Therefore, I think it's completely hot, when a person shaves his legs.
Therefore, I think you were probaly a nice person, and she probaly loved you much.
Therefore, I told her that I loved her, and truly meant it.
Therefore, I told him it was too late, other than that, I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes.
Therefore, I completely agree with you, good luck person.
Therefore, I want my wife to grow too.
Therefore, I was not going to let her win.
Therefore, I was always looking, and I kept picking jerks.
Therefore, I will make you princess, in planet kripton.
Therefore, I will not stay with someone, I did not trust.
Therefore, I would be, but I was simply married.
Therefore, I would not know, I had the same issue.
Therefore, I would wonder why he shaved them, but, in the end, they are his legs.
Therefore, I would not bother calling him back.
Therefore, I would not worry too much about it.
Therefore, I've been with my husband, for four years, we recently got married in december of 2005.
Therefore, I would perfer, if they left me alone, and sorry, I got off-topic.
Therefore, I am confused, I hated the person to be like that, what shall I do?
Therefore, I am in love, and did not care who knew it friend the elf.
Therefore, I am simply looking for the person who desired that time with me.
Therefore, I am ready to move on, but I loved him way too much.
Therefore, I am still in love with my ex, and I was so mad at my cousin, because my ex liked her.
Therefore, I have heard of friends getting married, about six months after meeting someone.
If you could have four qualities in your person, what would they be.
Therefore, if you keep talking to him, for another week, he might think he was married to you.
Therefore, if you liked him, that much, call him.
Therefore, if he turns you down, he was not worth it in the first place.
Therefore, bet your not, but try to email me, atilikethickchix, and yahoo.com and I will be honest.
Is it usually about a year, before both people begin two feel in that comfortable, boring, stage?
It all depends on the person, or the and how intersted the person was in the person.
It can be good luck, also, if you take it as good luck.
Therefore, it does not mean that you were slutty.
It simply means that she was really interested in the person.
It's your choice not to hate one, I disliked them to say the least.
It's your own life, as you said.
It is a person thing live with it ego.
Therefore, I would like to see what a black female had to say about this.
Therefore, if he liked you, you'll know.
Therefore, if a person cared, he called.
Therefore, if all you did was argue it is not worth it.
Therefore, if going to a movie, is special for the two of you, and then do that.
Therefore, if he did not, then take him to a place where they had slowdances, dinner date, perhaps?
Therefore, if he came to his senses, then great, if not screw him.
Therefore, if he did not desire to dance, then give it up.
Therefore, if he, if flurting with her, acceptable jump him.
Therefore, if he was, then go for it.
Therefore, if he was not, and you were still not ready, then screw him.
Therefore, if not, then, do not sweat it.
Therefore, if shae liked him, then there is a reson.
Therefore, if she was not into you, anymore.
Therefore, if she liked music, make a special cd, or tape.
Therefore, if she will tell the administration, I will be expelled, because it is pakistan not America.
Therefore, if she's interested, she'll call later.
Therefore, if the person was worthy enough, you would not need to
Therefore, if they did not, it is time to move on.
Therefore, if they did not, then you'll have to get on with your life.
Therefore, if they had moved on, then you should too.
Therefore, if you people still kept in touch, I do not think that is the best thing to do.
Therefore, if yes, why did I heard some person say flowers, not going to last?
Therefore, if you were gay, be gay.
Therefore, if you were not happy, fix it, or get out.
Therefore, if you did eat something like that, then simply quit.
If you did, then, I would say it was a real and worth realtionship: good luck.
Therefore, if you did not, you'll always wonder.
Therefore, if you did not ask sombody, else might.
Therefore, if you feel your love was fading, do not simply sit there and do nothing.
Therefore, if you flirt with him, the challange is not there.
Therefore, if you people truely love each other, then, you can work out all the fighting etc.
Therefore, if you had to ask, then, you were not in love.
Therefore, if you liked the person, then go for it.
Therefore, if you needed your x emotionally, then you had some troubles.
Therefore, if you or the other person was married, run.
Therefore, if you plan on cheating on your wife, and you are a pig and need to be shot.
Therefore, if you play w/both at the same time, she will likely f-*# the sh%$ out of you.
Therefore, if you start to feel the it comming on, then start the four play again.
Therefore, if you truely love him, you will tell him.
Therefore, if you truly loved your person, and desire to work it out, then tell your x to respect that.
Therefore, if you two were at a dance, he should not really care.
Therefore, if you two were serious, then asking her that question should not bother her.
Therefore, if you desire children, then homemaker.
Therefore, if you desire to enjoy a bit, why did not you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms and etc.
Therefore, if you desire your girlfriend forever, then simply do not let her know that you desired her forever, simple.
Therefore, if you were friends before, and had stronger feelings now, then it should be o. OK.
Therefore, if you're asking this, you surely had already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend.
Therefore, I am a gilr, I say those things.
Therefore, imagine that I was that person, and be my person freind.
Therefore, if it was simply considered love?
Therefore, intellect- a chick with brains was simply sexy.
Therefore, is there a reason that your not w/the baby's father?
Therefore, is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes.
It always finds a way to get out in the open, simply do not do it.
It could be, choose one, and why?
Therefore, it hurt like hell, and I bled.
It is a mistake, that can not be undone.
It is really sweet, and simply what you were looking for.
It simply sounds like you wore the pants.
It really was a casual aside, when I said it, I did not think he would remember.
Therefore, it sounds like a con, but I was telling you, women dig it.
It sounds like you were both comfortable with things, simply the way they were.
It's a good idea to always be honest, besides not many people I know did not prefer being told they were hot.
It's always in the back of my mind.
It's been over six months, and I can not seem to get over it.
It's like breaking a drug habit.
It's like saying, what's had to stop me, when I had already done it?
Therefore, it shows how much they cared about you.
Therefore, be yourself when you were with her.
Therefore, jump him, because she liked him?
Therefore, talk your spouse about this.
Therefore, be prepared, because if it happened once, it can happen again.
Therefore, be prepared to let her go.
Therefore, do what makes you happy.
Therefore, enjoy the age you were, and did not worry about all this.
Therefore, face him, say, I liked you, and would see a movie?
Therefore, find one that loved you, too.
Therefore, go with your feelings, if you liked her so much, then go with it.
Therefore, remeber, s go for people who were themselves and only themselves.
Therefore, tell them, what are they going to do, slap you?
Therefore, think about what you liked, and do it back for them. Some like a tounge massage.
Therefore, stay seaching for a believer in romance, she is out there.
Therefore, he had a song about this, only your mother loved you, and see might be jiving too.
Therefore, laughing out loud, I think this is better than the one on top of me, and
Therefore, least not until he gets another girlfriend.
Therefore, leave it alone, I did not care what she says, she was in enough pain.
Therefore, let him go, either that or date his brother.
Therefore, let get coffee, and chat, and take it from there.
Therefore, let get it out of limbo,
Therefore, lie lie, and then lie some more.
Therefore, I said, he already knows that you enjoyed him, so simply take a deep breathe and ask him.
Therefore, listen to faith hill, love ai, not like that, and is a great example.
Therefore, he already knows that you preferred him, and had he said anything bad about it?
Therefore, Lust less like, you simply go out?
Therefore, make a kind move, if no responce, you know what to do.
Therefore, Mabey, because you simply think they looked sexy, when they were running on the feild.
Therefore, send me a pick honorarius, and yahoo.com and I will tell you.
Therefore, person has penis, and person had clitoris.
Therefore, people will tell you no.
Therefore, may be you think not, but yes.
Therefore, ask him out to lunch, or a movie, or somthing.
Therefore, he's going to call you.
Therefore, some perverted people liked the really young looking asian people.
Therefore, you and I can get together sometime, and we will find love with one another.
Therefore, you should try dating people, if people offend you, so.
Therefore, your young, I did not know.
Therefore, and this person was going off, and on, since last year.
Therefore, I will pick up the tab, if, I could get your vote for best answer.
Therefore, people like this, typically become wife beaters, if you did not obey them.
Therefore, people play at love to get sex, people play at sex to get love.
Therefore, people who were not ready to committ.
Therefore, most often, not always, that will be people around your age, give to take.
Therefore, move on- so what if he was hot, looks are not everything.
Therefore, move on, but you can still love him.
Therefore, my boyfriend loved me to death, and did not desire to give me up.
Therefore, my bff hates my b, and and wishes for me to break up, and him, but I did not.
Therefore, my boyfriend snores, and I had the most terrible time sleeping.
Therefore, my boyfriend was definitely my friend first, and it is total bliss.
Therefore, my ex of three years cheated.
Therefore, my friend says I was to nice, and I should tell them no.
Therefore, my girlfriend always says she loved me, when were passing notes, during class, and she does not say it confrontationally.
Therefore, my girlfriend's the nuttiest, but I loved her anyway.
Therefore, my last girlfriend's boyfriend did that to her, before we met, and she still kept him.
Therefore, my tragic love story was I loved him very much, and he loved me too.
Therefore, never get married without a prenup.
Therefore, no good or bad is your personal belief on something.
Therefore, no! no. no. it certainly is most uncool.u are simply wasting your health, because people simply hated it.
Therefore, no pier is a great place, or one of the museums, and there are many of great resteraunts of hotels.
Therefore, to say, I was 36 now, and still in therapy around it.
Therefore, never stop trying to impress her.
Therefore, at least, I hope not.
Therefore, no brainer, and nice picture of george clooney, on your profile, and lmao.
Therefore, no matter what he says, action speaks louder, then words.
Therefore, no people did not, but little people did.
Therefore, think about howmany cocky people were out there.
Therefore, no way is 5, for and he was 6` 2.
Therefore, not if you had to ask.
Therefore, not if you had to ask.
Therefore, you did not, because you knew he had cheating tendancies.
Therefore, he is too darned large, and I was too darned weak.
Therefore, she is not a liar.
Therefore, not all people get bored, and move on.
Therefore, not always the easiest, but they had been fairly good years.
Therefore, not what you can become, simply because she says too.
Therefore, I keep thinking of getting it on with a person.
Therefore, me, I would not marry any women, who did not desire to change her name, but that is simply me.
Therefore, it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this person.
Therefore, tell her, but be as polite as possible.
Therefore, people like think due to society dictates, and I say screw society and give me thick.
Therefore, she did not desire you, if you knew she enjoyed the other person.
Therefore, people ai not much better;
Therefore, he desires to go on.
Therefore, after three day of that, my back went out laughing out loud.
Therefore, if she calls, as five times a day, about that, then it would be crazy.
Therefore, and some because they were thin, and skinny, and today anorexic people were a turn on.
Therefore, I should do that, when I was dating next time.
Therefore, yes, the trick ass hoe, has never had a chance.
Therefore, like I really really really liked this person, and I did not know if he enjoyed me back.
Therefore, so I had this problem, too.
Therefore, first thing it sounds as if you people were already married.
One person michelle, who likely would not mind being named, spoke up and said she did not believe in it.
One his side of his family, I met his father.
Therefore, only I am not thinking about him, but I was having dreams about him.
Therefore, only now she and I were both divorced.
Only the ones that were not worth your time.
Only time will tell spend time with friends, have fun, and do not thimk sbout it.
Therefore, do people really do prefer larger women?
Therefore, if he got them first, you get the popcorn.
Therefore, you could tell her, and have one of those fairy tale romances.
Therefore, overtime should I give him another chance?
Therefore, do not miss out on this one.
Therefore, practice kissing me, were do you live?
Therefore, I is not a stay at home romantic dinner type of person.
Therefore, pay attention to what the other person said.
Therefore, people asked me, what is the hurry?
Therefore, people do not prefer to be played, and with.
Therefore, play sports with your person friends.
Therefore, play the field, a bit now.
Therefore, do not go up to her, and tell her how good she looks.
Therefore, post more questions on your yahoo answers.
Therefore, people whose parents well take care of them, large time lazy people.
Therefore, preferrably someone who did not hate you.
Therefore, because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
Therefore, and be real, that is what we preferred.
Therefore, it takes two not one.
Therefore, love, black, death, and ect.
Therefore, being friends with someone online, is acceptable, but there are limits.
Therefore, no bird ever flew on one wing.
Therefore, until death, did you part?
Therefore, replay everything you ever did to me?
Therefore, rip off your shirt, and do a tarzan yell.
Therefore, say will you go out with me,
Therefore, separate the bad thing, and move on.
Therefore, sex is not the only thing important in life, and it.
Therefore, shut the thing up, and be gay, if you desire to.
Therefore, should I dump him, because of his mother.
Therefore, it was a good ideea.
Therefore, sound like you preferred to sell yourself to much.
Therefore, stop trying to slap it in everyones face.
Therefore, you need a theory class, four, that.
Therefore, say what, whateverhisnameis, when you taking me to dinner?
Therefore, see if he calls, e-mails, or even cares.
Therefore, see my boyfriend, go to my 360?
Therefore, send me your picture, and contact me.
Therefore, she definitely wants you to think she was good looking, but she did not desire that to be reason.
Therefore, she is too afraid to ask him out.
Therefore, she says your too good for her?
Therefore, she will tell you if it was not acceptable.
Therefore, she's strong, and loving, and most of all, truly was not as happy as she thought she was.
Therefore, she's the love of my life, and I can not wait to spend the rest of my life with her.
Therefore, should I simply forget it, and move on?
Therefore, show her what you're good at.
Therefore, smile to him once in a while, and then he will know.
Therefore, you preferred asian food?
Therefore, I suppose I pick domestic goddess.
Therefore, I am only myself around people, I did not prefer, and you knew the outcome.
Therefore, how do I simply kiss him.
Therefore, if you desire to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs drink up.
Therefore, if you're set on that, that's the way to go.
Therefore, it would have to be love.
Therefore, it is natural with that person.
Therefore, that is why I ask why not personz ever know what they desired with any kind relationship.
Therefore, you had one baby out of wedlock.
Therefore, when I moved in my neighbor, asked me out.
Therefore, some do, some did not have it in them.
Therefore, some people prefer gifts, that did not die on them, something that lasted.
Therefore, some people did, and some people did not.
Therefore, some people did not prefer breasts, at all.
Therefore, some people simply did not like to dance.
Therefore, some people choose not to, because of their religion, others did not.
Therefore, person can not seem to find people, their own age attractive.
Therefore, some people liked large hairy people, and some people liked fat people, and some people preferred skinny people, and and and vice-versa.
Therefore, who is never,bitchy, simply because she thinks it was cool, and it ai not.
Therefore, I never had felt that way.
Therefore, sounds like a rhetorical question:
Therefore, sounds like you were going through a lot, right now.
Therefore, but it worked in about 3-5 days for me.
Therefore, stay 100 miles away from this person.
Therefore, stay away from this person friend.
Therefore, stay far far away from people who could not say I liked you.
Therefore, stay true to your husband, after all, he is the one you said I did to.
Therefore, stick with the 13& 14 year old people, and they were easier to control, anyway, laughing out loud, good luck.
Therefore, speak two your best friend, and see if it was cool.
Therefore, depends, are you a hottie, and a body?
Therefore, the problem is that he cheated on me, recently, and it was the worst that he could of done.
Therefore, they both do not respect your feeling.
Therefore, this is a red flag of how this person was.I wonder.
Therefore, to me, it realy dose, not matter, but a hand full is quite enought for me.
Therefore, talking to her, and ask her to hang out as friends see if it went somewhere.
Therefore, tell her that you missed her, and that you loved her.
Therefore, tell her, people liked to her, the truth good luck.
Therefore, tell him you did not desire a real relationship.
Therefore, tell the bastard to get out.
Therefore, for the pep in advance.
Therefore, that does not mean it made it right, and it means that it made us human.
Therefore, that does not mean you should let them in.
Therefore, has me really hot, but I ran off.
Therefore, only makes her easier to bed.
Therefore, that said you needed to figure out youself, if you desired to stay married to him.
Therefore, that way, you did not have to worry about you calling him too much.
Therefore, that way, you were not exactly telling them what you specifically did not prefer about them.
Therefore, that's if you both agreed on doing this.
Therefore, that's right, the right relationship occurred on it's own.
Therefore, that is why I did not get in chat rooms, anymore, unless it was to laugh at all the freaks.
Therefore, the best of luck to you.
The one time in your life, to really live out the true fantasy of love.
Therefore, the best way and easiest way is to fly, or drive to las vegas and get married there.
Therefore, the people that whine, that flowers did not last, are simply ungrateful.
Therefore, the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you.
Therefore, the pictures I had seen, I would say maui, or the bahamas.
Therefore, the problem is not if you ask her, while at work, or not.
Therefore, the rest is easy from there.
Therefore, the safest rules of internet dating, are these: 1. chat via email, and messenger 2. chat on the phone.
Therefore, the same person you wished to be in a relationship with?
Therefore, the timing simply was not right for it, with the old person, you'll see.
Therefore, comes the fun part, he making it up to you.
Therefore, go pick them up, if she say yes.
Therefore, he said, do you desire some of my chapstick?
Therefore, if he still did not prefer you, then move on.
Therefore, see if she was open for a dinner, and a movie.
Therefore, when she starts closing her eyes, kiss her in the lipps, and then it is up to you.
Therefore, there are lots of things that made a person not like sex.
Therefore, there are tons of cheap ideas out there, simply find what you preferred and work with it.
Therefore, there friends on the other hand, and is a different story.
Therefore, there is nothing but trouble, there.
Therefore, there no one you can trust more than a good friend.
Therefore, they are always in the, in love stage.
Therefore, they are often worse than people.
Therefore, they bother you all day long.
Therefore, they know the women would not chase them, like good looking, or wealthy people who got tons of women.
They're a lot of fun, and there's plenty to do.
Therefore, you did not have too ask her out to go out with her.
Therefore, this gal did not desire a bad person, at all.
Therefore, this generation is simply too stupid.
Therefore, this is doc, and I loved and adore larger women.
Therefore, this is simply what I had nurt many times.
Therefore, those was good times, I tells you.
Therefore, to all my fellow women, at cone, a large hi and hug.
Therefore, she is not your friend, and b-cuzz, she did not stop bugging you.
Therefore, trust him, do not bring it up again.
Therefore, ask her out again, and see what she says.
Therefore, not to hang out with him, and find another person.
Therefore, try to be your self, and do not show off.
Therefore, use some of these, but only if they actually applied.
Therefore, you can have a large u, and no, what, n suck in bed.
Therefore, as ugly, or fat, people simply take what they could get.
Therefore, you've been meeting these filipinas?
Therefore, small party for the family.
Therefore, wait for him to ask you out, unless your real desprete.
Therefore, take it from a military person, wait.
Therefore, we have no room for screwed up animals, as this in our society.
Therefore, basically, you had to stop talking to him, and stop thinking about him.
Therefore, I believe everybody should keep their own name.
Therefore, you who desire was a hooker, you can find that in any corner of the world.
Therefore, you did, and did not tell him too soon.
When will people in this effed up world, finally realize this?
Therefore, why did everyone seem to desire someone that they did not have and know that they should not desire.
Therefore, why did not you simply leave the person alone?
Therefore, until you get older, and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it.
Therefore, wait until you find that out, for sure first and then go from there.
Therefore, wanting to be something they were not?
Therefore, we can not answer, if she really meant it.
Therefore, we had married all over again.
Therefore, we like it, when people did things for us, and think about us.
Therefore, we prefer soft approch, and a lil bit of chasing.
Therefore, we tried to move on, but it did not work.
Therefore, I do not no how old you were, which would help.
Therefore, if you really liked this person smile, and make nice talk with him.
Therefore, that is simply the way it was, I suppose.
Therefore, the one I liked went like this.
Therefore, if the one person picks on you, why like him?
Therefore, a typical double standard, you had set up.
Therefore, who person did not prefer large boobs.
Therefore, if you tell him that you simply desire to be friends with benefits.
Therefore, what makes it worse, was that I already went out with him for four years.
Therefore, you decide, make it completly your own.
Therefore, when I fall in love, I felt foolish.
Therefore, when he teases you, about the stupid little things.
Therefore, when you first fall in love, your gitty, goofy, and silly happy, simply thinking about that person.
Therefore, where am I going with this?
Therefore, making love is like living a fantasy.
Therefore, who's to say that country people felt more attractive?
Therefore, why did not people, or people in your case, ever say the word love?
Therefore, why did they desire to be married?
Therefore, why did you ask this question?
Therefore, tie yourself to simply one person?
Therefore, wife says, we did not wear that thing.
Therefore, work at it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Therefore, I did not think pakistan was that conservative.
Therefore, it is very possible to enjoy giving pleasure, rather then recieving it.
Therefore, all I can say, but yes, I had long black hair and was proud.
Therefore, you are killing the romance, by popping up that foolish question, ever thought of having fun together instead?
Therefore, you can get them in staples, for 35.
Therefore, you cannot, so, let simply start asumming it.
Therefore, you never let a person mistreat you.
Therefore, time to cash in your chips.
Therefore, some people get right down to it, with absolutly no thought for the person.
Therefore, there are you simply have to look.
Therefore, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
Therefore, person down there, do not have sex.
Therefore, you are a mother, act as one.
Therefore, you are a person, term used lightly.
Therefore, you both should pick either his or yours once you had children.
Therefore, you can share this with your mother, or father.
Therefore, you catch her looking at you?
Therefore, you go to a bar, and get drunk.
Therefore, you had to think about that, and that should help you out on seeing if you could trust him.
Therefore, you people did not have any reason to hate each other.
Therefore, you simply have to make yourself walk away.
Therefore, you know that's if you did not play the guilt trip.
Therefore, you know, if he desired to wear my pants, all he had to do was ask.
Therefore, you married him, and it was for a reason.
Therefore, you people had no right to get married.
Therefore, you should go see a shrink.
Therefore, you should not go out with a person, because you needed to.
Therefore, you will look like an idiot.
Therefore, you'll be fine, simply have fun.
Therefore, you're 13, do not even worry about it, and
Therefore, your child is going to have hard enough time growing up without a father.
Therefore, your girlfriend will simply think you were a jerk.
Therefore, you too young to be talking about kissing already.
Therefore, a large savings area is flowers.
Therefore, a good way is to imagine yourself without him/her.
Therefore, a lot of people liked that, simply looking for sex.
Therefore, a sex toy, that way you could both enjoy it.
Therefore, a spasm in your back, usually.
What they think about gay marrige, and relationshiops?
After a while, you did not even see the color.
Therefore, I know once you had sex with him, he was no longer a good friend.
Therefore, not nothing in the world, like a large boned gurl.
Therefore, all my friends desire to do, is makeout.
Therefore, all seniors think freshman women were easy, and it is sad, but true.
Therefore, actual kissing and asking if your a good kisser.
Therefore, try getting some blonde highlights.
Therefore, you shood wait a while, and be for having children.
Therefore, I do not truly enjoy people all that much.
Therefore, I is doing this simply for the points laughing out loud.
Therefore, ask if he desired to dance with you.
Therefore, for God, sakes do not be one of those controlling baby mama's.
Therefore, get married only after you had been with a person for more than two years.
Therefore, he had his nose pierced.
Therefore, he said that he would call me back.
Therefore, I do not know what I should do.
Therefore, I mean truly be her friend.
Therefore, I desire to try again.
Therefore, if he says yes, than you can tell him.
Therefore, I only in fith grade, and you.
Therefore, impress her with affection, and love.
Therefore, it has been the best thing for at least me.
Therefore, never ignore her, always listen to her, and when you did not change the subjetct women hate that.
Therefore, people life is to short life, and to the fulliest and have faith.
Therefore, she still lets me play with my trucks, and watch cartoons.
Therefore, that is how they'll react to it, so, it is bad situation for you and him.
Therefore, you desire to suck another person's d. OK?
Therefore, and yuck, what is with chest hair?
Therefore, any women beside the ugly people, will look hot.
Therefore, with any ideas, tips or general information, email me back.
Therefore, more than a handful, is a waste, likely a size see or d.
Therefore, are you a country person, or a city person.
Therefore, for now, I think he was mad, hurt, upset and had over you.
Therefore, as long as he did not mind, who elses opinion matters?
Therefore, ask her out, or tell her you preferred, or admire her.
Therefore, ask her to go, and do something she was interested in, or to see a movie she would prefer.
Therefore, ask him to go see a doc.
Therefore, ask in English terms, and can not understand you.
Therefore, ask yourself and decide. and if you could afford it, do if you desire to.
Therefore, you did not have any decision power, what to do.
Bad teeth, bad breath and bad bo.
Therefore, basic people simply desire to have girlfriend for free sex.
Therefore, be cool and ask her on a date.
Therefore, be her friend first, and then see where it goes.
Therefore, be yourself say what up, and you might get a response.
Therefore, for some reason, I can not.
Therefore, he was a superhero, that was the closest to being simply a regular person.
Therefore, neither of you had the guts to call it quits.
Therefore, we love them, and it is not until later, when we think about it, that what we had done.
Therefore, women think with their brains.
Therefore, you know, you know, try to search you love, but becareful, and.
Therefore, if you did, then your gon to lose your friend over a person.
Therefore, believe in is a strange way to put it.
Therefore, Bembie hit the nail, on the head.
Therefore, do not you think he had enough to worry about?
Therefore, both of you work hard to get it right.
Therefore, by the way, your avatar looked familiar.
Therefore, I am not telling you to be celibate, until then.
Therefore, cuddling up with a large woman, is one of the best feelings I know of.
Therefore, he was a lil busy, after that.
Therefore, I do not have sex, that by not having sex with him, he will become unfaithful or leave you.
Therefore, I think they both liked me.
Therefore, if a person asked you, not be afraid to say no.
Therefore, if they can not exercise self-control, let them marry.
Therefore, if you were sure, then first tell your parents, if you had not done allready.
Therefore, now we did all these things together, and I did not know what to do.
Therefore, really, if you were used to it, and you somewhat liked it, go with it.
Therefore, that did not bother me, because as I said, wa&# 92; e were simply friends.
Therefore, that is her way, you could try it, that way, or you could simply keep your eyes open.
Therefore, that is acceptable. is a giver.wink, wink.
Therefore, your first kiss should feel like your in hevan.
Therefore, by now, you might love your wife, for everything you people had endured.
Therefore, I say no on avatars.
Therefore, it's buy one, take one.
Therefore, were masters of the universe, and
Therefore, please, not ask that question, if you did not desire your feelings hurt.
Therefore, choose the one that adores you, the most.
Therefore, to my town, I will be your person.
Therefore, complement her, and ask her name, and not act strange, act as you were the smoothest person ever.
Therefore, complaints, honesty and make it about her.
Therefore, could it ever be the same,
Therefore, they are people person, and they were not as sofisticated as we were.
Therefore, cuddling, kissing, fondling, playing with each others sex organs before sex.
Therefore, especially if they had large breasts, and softness, and can not beata soft person.
Therefore, they liked the little titis, and pussies.
Therefore, depending on the age, cds or dvds.
Therefore, depending on what you were looking for, freindship only, like.
Therefore, depending on what you kissed,
Depends on how old they were.
Depends on if they were brunette, or not.
Depends on the person I suppose, fair skinned females look extra pale, when they had black hair.
Therefore, did you fell goog, because I desire to have sex, but you had to be careful.
Therefore, go telling everyone, simply, because you thought that was correct.
Therefore, do I desire to be in love?
Therefore, do it before it was to late.
Therefore, do you fell that way?
Therefore, do what best for you, and he.
Therefore, do you have to rush your choice?
Therefore, do you prefer fake nails, or manicured ones?
Therefore, do you mean seem more sexy?
Therefore, does she have other friends to gab with on the fone?
Therefore, do not ask her to perform some act for you, and make her the spotlight.
Therefore, do not do things, and that can get you hurt.
Therefore, do not even listen to what people not simply people say, watch how they act.
Therefore, dump him, and there are always more fish in the sea.
Therefore, either that or you were the only one he had a chance at getting some booty from.
Therefore, everything seems so open, and hit and run with most people these days.
Therefore, figure out what style of arrangements you would prefer and flowers.
Therefore, find a person who had talets, she also must be prety.
Find a nother person, and, if that did not work move back.
Therefore, find someone you liked, and say would you be my valentine.
Therefore, and see how he reponds.
Therefore, focus on how things are, and what would be best for you, right now.
Therefore, follow your heart, and it is neva wrong.
Therefore, anything after three days, and I might start to forget about you.
Therefore, for the same reason thin people preferred slender tonned people.
Therefore, Gals love people with positive self image.
Therefore, get a grip, how can you love someone that you did not even communicate with.
Therefore, remove the x, if you were dating the person you loved right now.
Therefore, there are more people out there, that loved thick people than you think?
Therefore, women are simply as perverted, trust me.
Therefore, women are perverts, they simply hide it, and act as it around other people, secretly.
Therefore, women are simply impressed, if you could show a little care, respect and honesty to them.
Therefore, give a rose, and express your love.
Therefore, give it a chance, because if you break up with them, it would be harder to be friends.
Therefore, give it some time, and thought.
Therefore, give them two months, they will get over you.
Therefore, give them a chance to discover you.
Therefore, go back to that person, at once, before it became too late for you.
Therefore, go to deleted items, and it should be there.
Therefore, go up to her, and say, is you single?
Therefore, how old were you?
Therefore, good luck, and hang in there.
Therefore, people are stupid, who knows why they did what they did.
Therefore, people have a problem with secrets.
Therefore, people think that they were special, and that they were only good enough for certain people.
Therefore, people will think you were hot, and no matter what with this usually.
Therefore, julesac is funny, but mean.
Therefore, hang around untill the bar closes, or visit a prison.
Therefore, hang out all day together, and to top it off, touch his feet.
Therefore, birth day to you.
Therefore, have you told her that it was kind of irritating with her, having to check up on you everyday?
Therefore, he dribbles, and he shot, and he scores, two points.
Therefore, he handed me his cellphone, and had me put in my phone number.
Therefore, he is probably wondering if your interested in him, at all, flirt back.
Therefore, he simply has to start over, and earn your trust again.
Therefore, he probably does not desire to either.
Therefore, he sounds like a manipulative jerk.
Therefore, he then asked me, can I come with you?
Therefore, he wants me to change how I look.
Therefore, he will not turn you down.
He's telling that to some gurls, and too, he's a personizer.
Therefore, for the first answer.that person answered for me.
Therefore, I am looking to visit your country.
Therefore, her parents? you can not fix it, and her friends? perhaps you can speak to them nicely, but, please specify, why?
Therefore, in america, it is not so important.
Therefore, I truly desire to know, so please help me out.
Therefore, I am sorry, I did not know and I wish best of luck to both of you.
Therefore, it's better than her, givin you a fake, to call laughing out loud.
Therefore, I am a person, but I will tell you a little.
Therefore, his answer is good enough for me,
Therefore, his/her intelligence, the way they carry themselves, good looks and activeness.
Therefore, hold her hands, look to her eyes, and say it, but only say it if you truly loved her.
Therefore, most people are simply waiting for the person to tell her how he truly felt.
Therefore, how did I get my sweetheart to show me he loved me.
Therefore, how did I get him to stop, and leave me alone.
Therefore, how often can you have sex with pam anderson?
Therefore, how would anyone know if they did not know anything about you?
Therefore, I agree with the other preson, before anyone gets hurt.
Therefore, I agree, simply kiss him, and he will respond one way or another.
Therefore, I also had not a single person friend.
Therefore, I am 49, and of age, and looking for a beautiful person to spend my time with and possibly?
Therefore, I am in college, and he was my only sourse of income, until I get out.
Therefore, I am simply curious to what everyone thinks.
Therefore, I am one of those who desire to wait until being totally in love with someone.
Therefore, I am waiting until I married, but when is it too far?
Therefore, I can onli say, women were complicated, and.
Therefore, I can not explain it, and no, it had nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable, or submissive.
Therefore, I can not help any more, unless I had more infor.
Therefore, I could give you some pointers.
Therefore, I did this with my current boyfriend.
Therefore, I do not know what she desired.
Therefore, I do not know what you meant.
Therefore, I do not understand someone, please give me the answer.
Therefore, I do not prefer a person, that did that all the time.
Therefore, I do not think so, perhaps they should try taking our last names.
Therefore, I do not want to simply simply go up, and be like go out to my?
Therefore, I feel this is most beautiful in a family life.
Therefore, I suppose it is normal, but I simply move on.
Therefore, I had a friend in the same situation.
Therefore, I hardly ever see him in school, either usually I see hima t my brothers basketball games.
Therefore, I hate it, my self, and I loved the straight ones.
Therefore, I have a problem of unloading all my junk up front, and perhaps I told this person to much.
Therefore, I have never been to it.
Therefore, I have to stop right away, because I was ready to relieve myself.
Therefore, I have told her, I liked her, and she said she would desire to ruin or friendship.
Therefore, I hoping for at least a 90%, but realistically, I think it was more like 70% or 65%.
Therefore, I simply need someone to help me figer this out.
Therefore, I like him much, and I desire to win him over not push him away.
Therefore, I prefer older people, so, I think this is sick and wrong, that they cannot go out with her.
Therefore, I enjoy sos, and need to know if I was in love.
Therefore, I prefer this person, and I told my friend claudia to ask hin, if he enjoyed me.
Therefore, I love him, but I think I was ready to move oe, meet new people.
Therefore, I love them, because I was a person and I did not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Therefore, if in your country, there was an short messaging system, and then find a textmate.
Therefore, if you loved him, and he really loved you, he may desire to disapoint his father.
Therefore, of course, you will be making more money, if you work hard.
Therefore, I met this person, once, very romantic, I met him in this large rainstorm.
Therefore, I only once told a person, that I loved her, and I meant it.
Therefore, I probably will tell her soon, because she was my best friend, and any help would be nice.
Therefore, I saved a good, 500-600, doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
Therefore, I see a malaysia air ad, on television, and I go gaga.
Therefore, I seriously doubt that you were in love with that many people.
Therefore, I sure will not prefer any person who would make my life difficult.
Therefore, I think as long as you did not base your relationship on sex, it is acceptable.
Therefore, I think he would make a great valentine.
Therefore, I think hse will crash him.
Therefore, I think I was still completely in love, and him.
Therefore, I think it all depends on age, upbringing.
Therefore, I think is fantastic, perhaps you should do the first move.
Therefore, I think the bomb was much easier.
Therefore, I think they simply look better than a whole lot of nations out there.
Therefore, I thnk you would be your tru self, and hav self esteem, self confidance.
Therefore, I was also thinking about lime green.
Therefore, I was cheated on for three of the years.
Therefore, I was thinking about a medium pink color, but with what?
Therefore, I went and there, he was.
Therefore, I wish I had listened to my friends.
Therefore, I would flirt, and send flowers, and candies to my self, and then he would ask you out sometime.
Therefore, I would like to have some fun with you, that's why I answered this stupid question.
Therefore, I would say around three, or for.
Therefore, I would, you sound much like my best friend.
Therefore, I would ask you out, but I lived in oregon and had no idea where you lived.
Therefore, I would love to hear logical opinons on this, thanks.
Therefore, I will go with anything natural, than fake, I even hate the word fake.
Therefore, I will probably go and see one.
Therefore, I am 55 years old, and still live at home, with my mammy, what is wrong with that.
Therefore, I am into a 6th grade person, too.
Therefore, I am not against gay, and lez, they were the best friends a person can have.
Therefore, I have been with this person, for eight months, and we had not kissed is this bad?
Therefore, if a person really respected you, then, he'll understand.
Therefore, if anyone know, let me know.
Therefore, if he did not start acting right, then, leave him.
Therefore, if he did not, then there were too many fish in the sea.
Therefore, if he insisted, it means he only after sex.
Therefore, if he was, then you had a good person.
Therefore, if he really did not desire her, and did prefer you, then he would have already dumped her for you.
Therefore, if he's going to be an on, and off person, as that I say dump him four good.
Therefore, if he/she desire to see you picture, rightaway, it sex.
Therefore, if I was to ask, I will then leave, stop the relationship and move on with my life.
Therefore, if I would've kept my last name, it is simply a freakin name.
Therefore, if nothing work, you had to ask him for it again.
Therefore, if she did not desire to be with you, try to be her friend.
Therefore, if she got drunk, then, it is not a turn off.
Therefore, if she was calling, simply to bablle, then tell her to not call you so often.
Therefore, if she liked him, than she did not prefer you dump her is not his fault, that she strays.
Therefore, if she sat on your bestfriends lap, because she was drunk, then, it is a turn off.
Therefore, if you can imagine him as the father of your children.
Therefore, if you had penis, than it is no problem, you simply hv to penitrate her pussy with your errect penis.
Therefore, if you had to ask other people, I really do not think your ready to
If you really really really really really really liked them.
Therefore, if you think that he felt the same way about you, why not?
Therefore, if you you act like that, all the time she might think you desperate.
Therefore, if your talkin ten, then, I think it would be fine to get a video/ computer game.
Therefore, if you'll do not know anyting about each other, you can not connect.
Therefore, if you or hott too show him your boobies.
Therefore, if you were happy, she should be happy, unless he really was being bad to you.
Therefore, if you were into sixth graders, you were obviously young.
If you did not know, ask someone who would.
Therefore, if you end it, he might not be your friend, which is why I do not go with friends.
If you felt this strongly about it, then perhaps you should not get married.
Therefore, if you look creepy, and you looked.. they'll all think you were leering.
Therefore, if you really loved him, you would let him go.
If you really wanted to be with him, you would not be requesting.
Therefore, if you desire it to work out, it will.
Therefore, if you're asking, then, you should break-up, and open yourself to other options.
Therefore, if your a hoe, then he's one to, and I personally did not think your one though
Therefore, if your relationship survived the four seasons, I suppose you should be ready.
Therefore, if your talkin hubby, or the like I would say tools for his vehicle, sports related things.
Therefore, if your the average person breast size should not matter.
Therefore, I like to visit us, what were the needfull things.
Therefore, I will jump that person, was that the right choice.
Therefore, I am very bored, being single.sittin back, and other gurls had all the fun.
Therefore, I am a person, and I desire to know how to know if she was into me, or not.
Therefore, in a park, when I was 16, I lost my virgenate.
Therefore, in my case, I think 80%
Therefore, in that case, tkake some defense classes.
Therefore, in the middle of the river, while there was people watching it, was actually pretty fuuny.
Therefore, is how should I approach her, and be not simply another person hitting on her?
Therefore, is she simply trying to use you?
Therefore, is this a trick question?
Therefore, is worth the wait, when you were ready.
It a two way traffic, until you get them, you will know which one it was.
Therefore, it all depends on when your ready.
It comes right after threeplay, and before fiveplay.
It could be that you needed to piss, or the last dream you had.
Therefore, it could probably mean a lot of things.
Therefore, it defenetely looks like he had feelings for you.do you show how you felt, you should.
Therefore, it depends do you prefer either one?
Therefore, it depends on if you could trust him before.
Therefore, it depends they all liked different 1, but not selfsenterd freaks like you.
Therefore, it depends, if you really loved him, you will probably think you would desire to egnolage it.
Therefore, it does sound a little personie.
It happened to me, and I was now dating that person.
It hurts, many, and perhaps some people might say that's it?
It is absolutely simply a challenge.
It is very complcated, tell it again, but in simple.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially, when you meet each other, after texting a few months.
It kind of gives us an idea, that you may not have strong guts.
Therefore, it never hurts to be flirty.
Therefore, it really depends if someone was vain, or not.
It really depends on the person, but I think most people seriously did not care.
It sounds like he was having too much fun, while you were away.
It was really nice, how he asked me out.
It's had to get played out, after a while.
It's more of a trust issue, I would say.
It's not that bad, at least it was not bella.
It is all about her, and no, it should not be something that happened on a first date.
It is all in the eye contact.
It has been half a year, is it normal, two still like him?
It is like if you decide to eat chocalate, and then moan, because you looked too fat.
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves.
It is one way of saying I did not prefer you.
Therefore, it is unusal, but nothing bad.
It is your personalitie, keep to it, whether a person went out with you, should not determine how you act.
Therefore, I have been dating this person, that's younger than me.
Therefore, because he had the potential to be a great boyfriend, did not mean he was.
Therefore, divorce that person, and he had no honour, and he did not love you.
Therefore, get rid of him, you will be better off.
Therefore, keep it cool, a little hard to get might help.
Therefore, let her know what you felt.
Therefore, let it all out, I used art a lot to vent problems that I had.
Therefore, move on with your life, and frind some one eles.
Therefore, moved to sacrament, gay male, 30.
Therefore, on a much harsher scale, as time goes on.
Therefore, try and make the best of what's to come.
Therefore, want to know to know have you been to the doc, yet.
Therefore, so what size of breast, did the average person prefer do you think?
Therefore, keep away your fear, and tell him.
Therefore, keep getting her younger, and younger people as one received old get a new one for her.
Therefore, keeping secrets only hurt the ones you loved.
Therefore, leaning in, and giving me a soft kiss, just on the forehead.
Therefore, let him make the first move, if you did it may make you look like your ubsesd with him.
Therefore, let it take it's course, from there.
Therefore, let me know what you think, thanks.
Therefore, clear liquid, and turns yellow, when dry?
Lime green would be more for a summer wedding.
Therefore, listen it aint that easy. I had with my ex-boyfriend, in 2nd grade, and then again in 4th, and again in 8th.
Therefore, laughing out loud, most important, simply be yourself.
Therefore, laughing out loud, I too desire to smack that smile off her face.
Therefore, laughing out loud, so, if that is you, you need to stop that is fonky.
Therefore, look at the way she walked.
Therefore, look for a person that's hot.
Therefore, look for another hot person, and so she will be jealous.
Therefore, look in the internet, you will find lots of things for the wedding, or your local newspaper or news.
Therefore, try and get out to meet people.
Therefore, look does not really matter, unless you were trying to prove something.
Therefore, many people liked thick people, most of them were black.
Therefore, make it your top priority to see her, if you truly wanted to be with her, that bad.
Therefore, make sure you did not make her hate you, simply get your point across, too her.
Therefore, how many times I passed up a great oppertunity, by worrying about someone saying no.
Therefore, women 22 were dating people, 27, so the 22 people felt insecure and had to fish downstream.
Marriage is really about trusting, and communicating.
Therefore, be becaues your name was freakperson, but, if you show your face, perhaps not no hard feelings.
Therefore, be it interesting for them.
Therefore, because your the most beautiful person, they had seen.
Therefore, he thinks he would be turned down.just ask, I would.
Therefore, if you give him space, he will eventually call you back.
Therefore, she's not a beatch, and the skinny person was.
Therefore, people without hair look like little people to me, and it is not sexy at all.
Therefore, most people are polite, she'll answer it.
Therefore, teen personz preferred people that preferred sex.
Therefore, move on and find someone who did not hate you.
Therefore, be she did not love you, but try to use your brean, not your haerd.
Therefore, my cuzin met up with some wierd old perv, saying he was a hot teen, that she met online.
Therefore, my friend has a boyfriend, who she spoke two online and on the phone.
Therefore, my last boyfriend, I met driving round a roundabout, in another car.
Therefore, my mother also had cancer, and this simply hits to close to home for me.
Therefore, my mother books them all of the time, pat, alanatvl.com.
Therefore, my twin would not speak, or listen to me.
Therefore, my wife forgives me for much of things.
Therefore, never tell her, she was fat, large one.
Therefore, you are punish, and no television for a month.
Therefore, no 10 years younger, who desired an older person?
Therefore, and you should not care.if you preferred him, then stay with him.
Therefore, I have not, I preferred normal-looking people.
Therefore, but it somewhat sounds like a person name, you know, but no disrespect intended.
Therefore, no one needs to know that.
Therefore, no single person can give you what you really desire.
Therefore, you should not leave them, simply teach them what to do to please you better.
Therefore, you will not huni, and I was married to a complete arsehole.
Therefore, because I was not married, yet.
Therefore, you people kiss, when your ready.
Therefore, not come in my list, so I choose my neighbors wife: d.
Therefore, not all people, but some people did.
Therefore, not all the time, sometimes people shave them, it depends on the person,
Therefore, not everyone on here is in school.
Therefore, not for anything, but looking at.
Therefore, yes, you did wish to chat hit me up, fla_cat_blue, and yahoo.com.
Therefore, this is what I did, large bad mistake on my part.
Therefore, I have enjoyed this on person, since I was in ninth grade.
Therefore, I see him ever week in psr, but I simply cannot speak to him.
Therefore, now some person's like people like that, and some did not.
Therefore, those other replies are simply cocky, and I was way more fine.
Therefore, on average id say about 45%, at first, but than one you get to knowthe person perhaps 15%
Therefore, on the hood of my car, at a waterfront, in a light rain, it was amazing.
One person willing to move 21 hours,1,400 miles, simply to be with me.
One of my best friends had a thing with my large sister, a few months ago.
Therefore, only if you desire it to be.
Only that I could say, good luck.
Only two points to make friends, 1.
Therefore, ask about the score of last game,?
Therefore, does his friends point at you, when your with him.
Therefore, simply you would say that.
Therefore, that she simply desires to see other people?
Therefore, what about blue and green?
Therefore, people are husbands and wives for reasons.
Therefore, pick the one w/ better treatment towards you.
Therefore, pick the one you preferred the most.
Therefore, pickup lines are tacky, simply be yourself, and complament her much, women like that.
Therefore, play a truth, or dare game together.
Therefore, be honest with me, I can handle the truth.
Therefore, please do, and is thinking you would get slapped mid-reach, or kicked in the groin.
Therefore, it takes the pressure off of me, to ask someone.
Therefore, they are more passionate in love, making.
Therefore, practice to unrap starburst wrappers, with your tounge, and the women loved it.
Therefore, practice unwrapping starburst, with your tongue, and tieing cherry stems w/ your tongue.
Therefore, ask if your doing good.
Therefore, problem is I really liked him.
Therefore, are you talking about your avatar?
Therefore, rather than simply sit there, and wait until you were a good one.
Therefore, her out what's up with that?
Therefore, I loved you, and if the wait to say it back it tells it all.
Therefore, see if he was willing to go out the way for you.
Therefore, she calls him all the time.
Therefore, buy around for invitations and everything else.
Therefore, should I make the first move, or should I wait for him to make the first move?
Therefore, should I or should not I. younger person vs older person.
Therefore, show her your naked baby pictures.
Therefore, simple enough, do like anyone else, did. play with it.
Therefore, honesty and love, and try to true with them.
Therefore, shape, shape, looks, and ect should not matter at all.
Therefore, slow down the pace, perhaps, fourplay,
Smaller of course, and it is all about looks.
Therefore, I say, they did work out, simply not a lot of the times. hope this helps.
Therefore, in my opinon, your not a hoe.
Therefore, simply take it day by day, step by step.think of how he lost a good thing.
Therefore, ofcourse, I had to ask him, if he was blowing me off.
Therefore, so sexy, yes, it look very nice on most any person.
Therefore, there are some people that only say the l word, if they meant it.
Therefore, wait for another four years.
Therefore, you might simply be over looking the type of people who think the world of you.
Therefore, no, I feel it was a choice, and one did what felt comfortable to them.
Therefore, some do, but I would rather have a pair that were not too large.
Therefore, I can be myself with.
Therefore, sometimes, you had to observe the one you called your person.
Therefore, sometimes it better to be very good friends, first, and make sure your happy around each other.
Therefore, sometimes the difficulties were worth it, if the good outweighs the bad.
Therefore, sounds like you really loved her, and no need to forget her.
Therefore, start the day off with breakfast, out, and then perhaps a nice walk.
Therefore, start with a basic everyday question, and go from there:
Therefore, stay alive, and get your old life back.
Therefore, stick yourself out there, more, you had to do far more than eye contact.
Therefore, let me know more,bout you.
Therefore, and will you pay mine, too?
Therefore, let him go, if he was ment to be with you, he will come back to you.
Therefore, take baths? know how to speak?
Therefore, take it off pop up block.
Therefore, take them both out at the same time.
Therefore, tell her to move to mass, and.
Tell him that you was jst wannabe friends, and that you were relly disappointed that he would act so dumb.
Therefore, tell him what you truly wanted, that's what they told me, but never had to do. Speak up,
Therefore, tell him, and it would not appear psycho, because you had kno each other for a long time.
Therefore, tell more people, my bor did.
That is a sign, things like that can make it really obvious.
Therefore, that way, you can still go by your last name.
Therefore, that would be so painful, you know, trust me, been there done that.
Therefore, that's not exactly true, and it is simply that most people were discreet about it.
Therefore, that's too many, and selfish, indeed, and you simply desperate n keep on trying another one right?
Therefore, that is a chance your gon to have to take.
That is a stereotype, not a country person, by the way, and I think I was attractive in my own way.
Therefore, that is all I had two say.
That is strange, but perhaps, I did not know, and may speak to my friend by his locker.
Therefore, that is why they call it making love.
Therefore, the doctor can not even believe it.
Therefore, that a person was so self centered, is a huge turn off for me.
Therefore, the personz that were pretty, or had a great personality.
Therefore, the person I liked is mad at me.
Therefore, the list could go on and on.
Therefore, the people who are around you, now, like your friends, should like you no matter what.
Therefore, the right date can save money on lots of things.
Therefore, the thing is a person that did not prefer to brake others heart.
Therefore, the two of you should speak privately, and personally, you had to clear each other's side. Do it now.
Therefore, be your best self, if he was impressed, or liked you, he will speak back.
Therefore, she might say that looked ugly, I think, a color looks better.
Therefore, you can make an easier decision.
Therefore, there are lost of good women left, you simply had to look in the right place.
Therefore, there are many times that you loved the person, but not sure did he love you, also.
Therefore, there are movies that I had not seen yet.
Therefore, there are not any words that were going to make it any better.
Therefore, there are some that did, but you should be able to tel.
Therefore, there is not a wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
Therefore, there was his stop, so he got off the train.
Therefore, they accept this in their culture.
Therefore, they did not mean to get them pregnant, and they simply could not keep it in there pants, because they were pigs.
Therefore, they feel that they were better than womans, but there wrong.
Therefore, they have never proformed before, and it doubles the plesure.
Therefore, they prefer the challange, I know is what I loved about it.
Therefore, they never met, but she says they were in love.
Therefore, they probobly know you cannot really hide that, but you should tell your parents.
Therefore, they think it was the only right way.
Therefore, they think that they could control other people lives, when they cannot.
Therefore, think about what good it brought about.
Therefore, this is a large day in both of your lives, it should not be done quickly and without thought.
Therefore, this is sin, our selves had started this.
Therefore, I am 19, I liked anything up to 30?
Therefore, while it tell give it six months, and see what happens.
Therefore, try to contact their q&, a team, and they'll help you through. Have a nice day.
Therefore, you are asking, do you prefer me?
Therefore, you simply have to be patient, and the right person will come along.
Therefore, you need to be wit that person, you had found your true love.
Therefore, you need to reput it, in add it back, simply as first time.
Therefore, you seem desperate, and you'll never find a if you were desperate.
Therefore, you should take the time to get to know both of them equally, without going out with them.
Therefore, you sound like a very lovely person, and so, not let some of these gals drag you down.
Therefore, you'll find a person who truly deserved you one day.
Therefore, you'll see that no matter how hurt you were, it's still the simplest reason why you smile.
Therefore, yes, I did, I think anyone did.
Therefore, if it was with the wrong person.
Therefore, if you did not love your husband, and you had room for another person?
Therefore, your self image is also very important.
Therefore, it is multiple things, not simply one thing.
Therefore, wait a little while, and then date people that way you enjoyed it more.
Therefore, wait until you get 25. you would not loose your charm by then.
Therefore, you want to get something you could not get rid of go ahead, then.
Therefore, we always seem to push the ones, taht we loved away.
Therefore, we can restle around, and be the best of friends.
Therefore, we do not no what you look like.
Therefore, we fall in love, they treat us bad, why were we there.
Therefore, we was hanging out a little.
Therefore, we will not regret it.at your service anytime.
Therefore, we've tried breaking up a couple times, but it never happens.
Therefore, after you take her out, get to know her some and then go four the kill, ask her out.
Therefore, all your missing was a million dollar smile.
Therefore, depend on women, who wanted.
Therefore, from your list, I would have to choose spiderman.
Therefore, I hope you read this really well.
Therefore, I met mine in a carnival.
Therefore, if he says he was not believe him.
Therefore, if it was before, you, then he was not cheating at all, and obviously.
Therefore, if they gave you their phone number, you did not have to wait at all.
Therefore, simply go up to her.
Therefore, to tell you the truth, you learn, but you had to actually do it.
Therefore, if you can imagine your self with him, in bed, night.
Therefore, in my experience, a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other.
Therefore, you, and that sexy perfume you wore.
Therefore, my person so will help you out.
Therefore, what happened when the politician took viagra?
Therefore, what should I do to get her?
Therefore, special gift can I give my would be brother in law, for his birthday?
Therefore, the what the hell are you talking abt?
Therefore, was the mistake that you did.
Therefore, what's the worst that could happen.
Therefore, when he did explain to him, that it was a mistake to break up and desire him back.
Therefore, when my sis kissed someone, she closed her eyes to get ready.
Therefore, when one minute, you desire to throttle the other person, and the next you desire to jump their bones.
Therefore, try to make it yourself.
Therefore, when she calls, text her back.
Therefore, when you 18 or 20, because when they said something, they did not mean it.
Therefore, when you can fart in front of the one you dating.
Therefore, who gives a crap, what anyone else thinks.
Therefore, who knows, but I would absouletly love that two be done, and me.
Therefore, who said women did not feel anything?
Therefore, why did gays desire to get married?
Therefore, why did they desire it state sanctioned?
Therefore, why did it matter what they thought, if they did not get along, not spend time to gather.
Therefore, why did not you try chatting, seeing other people, simply to catch his reaction?
Therefore, not you simply ask her, if you could kiss her?
Therefore, wait, go ahead, and do it.
Therefore, wife, because then you could do more with out comminting a sin.
Therefore, her taking your number, and there's nothing wrong with that.
Therefore, without having a boyfriend, would be a bit slutty.
Therefore, women do not desire much, simply some acknowldgement and sometimes help.
Therefore, women take on much, and sometimes, they felt like they did it for nothing.
Therefore, go with the one that picked on you, because nine times out, 10 he liked you.
Therefore, look me up, if you were ever in florida laughing out loud.
Therefore, ask for permission, by all means, and watch how fast she slap the s- out, you.
Therefore, yes, people work and fix things, but what else can you do?
Therefore, I am a person, so I did not really have to pay.
Therefore, be disappointed and be mad.
Therefore, but it dipends of the person.
Therefore, for sure, especially, when she throw up.
Therefore, I have done it, it was a lot of fun.
Therefore, I am not one of those people, but I know there were lots of them.
Therefore, it is a sick habit.
Therefore, it is normal, and their was lots of people who still liked some they broke up with.
Therefore, jaime is going to ask rubi out, but it is not you business.
Therefore, we prefer flowers, pretty, good smelling ones.
Therefore, you are already doing it, so why yet bother?
Therefore, you are definitely not a hoe, and do not worry.
Therefore, you are so full of it, teasing all these desperate lonely sad people, shame on you.
Therefore, you are too good for them.
Therefore, you can do a civilian arrest answ3r, and.
Therefore, you can join a community site, with live chat and webcam chat.
Therefore, you care your family, and everybody in your family will love you.
Therefore, you did not give us very good information, and did you all live in one house.
Therefore, you do not look, simply go out, and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along.
Therefore, you do not desire anyone else, but that person ever.
Therefore, you give at least five minutes for kissing, and huging, and may be some licking also.
Therefore, you have to find what right for you, and your partner/s.
Therefore, you have to search yourself for this one, and.
Therefore, you simply have met the dumb people out there, that think skinny was better.
Therefore, you liked him, or you did not like him?
Therefore, you married your hubby, hopefully, because you loved him.
Therefore, you need a therapist for that.
Therefore, you never know gurl, they never show efection, only when they desire something.
Therefore, you should be proud of yourself.
Therefore, you should get to know her, and sooner or later, you will ask her out or she will.
Therefore, you should probably be looking in a public place, where you were most comfortable.
Therefore, you should probally make a move, because he was obviosly shy.
Therefore, you should not be asking this question?
Therefore, you sorta stuck yourself out, and to get hurt, unless you knew him fairly well.
Therefore, you still released at least a thousand.
Therefore, you want all your friends forever?
Therefore, you win some you lost some, and take it with a grain of salt and be more carefull next time.
Therefore, you would be genuinly suprised, in the type of people that went to them.
Therefore, you're probably simply too good for him, anyway.
Therefore, you looking to hard, or perhaps you were looking in the wrong places, sign up for yahoo personals.
Therefore, I can lift him, and he was only 185. laughing out loud.
